June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11877
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0596

Mr. Daniel L. Kofford
President
Mr. Charles D. Daubs
CEO
Sky Vision Services, LLC
4425 Front Street
Suite 759
Shasta Lake City, CA 96019-9904

Dear Messrs. Kofford and Daubs:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Sky Vision Services, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct recording videography/cinematography and/or still photographs.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Tarot FY690S.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sky Vision Services, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sky Vision Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Tarot FY690S
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                   Application for Exemption From FAA Regulations In Order
                      to Operate a Small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS)
                     Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
                             Reform act of 2012 and Sections of 14 CFR

February 28, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Dear Sir,

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform

Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, application is hereby made for Sky Vision Services, LLC (SVS) for

an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to operate a
commercial sUAS for the purpose of recording videography/cinematography and/or still
photographs to enhance the visual appeal and sale-ability of real estate listings in the
Northern California area.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of a
small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS in the National Air Space (NAS)
thereby complying with Congress's mandate and helping to fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

Submitted by:

Sky Vision Services, LLC
4425 Front Street
Suite 759
Shasta Lake City, CA 96019-9904

Daniel L. Kofford                          Charles D. Daubs
President                                  CEO
skyvisionservices@gmail.com                skyvisionservices@gmail.com
530-356-1961                               530-524-0102

Daniel L Kofford                           Charles D Daubs

                                   Page 1
                                              Table of Contents
Company History ........................................................................................ 3
Owner Biography ........................................................................................ 3
Radio Controlled Aircraft Flying Skill ........................................................... 3-4
Aircraft Description ...................................................................................... 4-5
Flight Log and Documentation .................................................................... 5-6
Risk Management ....................................................................................... 6-7
List of CFR Regulations .............................................................................. 7
Exemption Requests ................................................................................... 7-14
Summary Statement ....................................................................................14
Public Benefits Statement ........................................................................... 15
Appendix

                                                                                                Page 2
Company History:
Sky Vision Services, LLC was founded in February 2014 by co-owners Daniel L.
Kofford, President and Charles D. Daubs, CEO. At present there are no other owners or
employees. The sUAS would be flown primarily by Mr. Daubs acting as Pilot in
Command (PIC) with Mr. Kofford acting as a ground based visual observer (VO).

Owner Biography:
Mr. Kofford is a licensed Airline Transport Pilot as well as a Certified Flight Instructor,
Instrument Flight Instructor, Multi Engine Instructor, and has over 30 years of flight
experience operating under FAR §91, FAR §135 and FAR §121. Mr. Kofford served as
the Chief Pilot and Check Airman for a FAR §135 scheduled and on-demand charter
company and is currently a Captain for a regional airline carrier. In addition Mr. Kofford
holds a Masters degree in Business Administration.

Mr. Daubs is a licensed, single engine, private pilot. He has been building and flying
radio control models for over 30 years, including fixed wing and rotary wing aircraft.
He is a member in good standing with the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) and
has been since 1982. Mr. Daubs attended college for several years at the University of
California, Fresno and holds an AA degree.

Both Mr. Kofford and Mr. Daubs are retired law enforcement professionals with over 50
years of combined full time, law enforcement experience.

Radio Controlled Aircraft Flying Skills:
During the 30 plus years of flying radio controlled aircraft, Mr. Daubs has flown high
wing entry level airplanes, shoulder wing intermediate skill level airplanes, low wing
advanced skill level airplanes and high performance, semi-scale war bird airplanes. All
aircraft have had a minimum of "full control functions" to include throttle, rudder,
elevator and aileron control. The advanced models have had additional control of flaps
and retractable landing gear. In all, Mr. Daubs has flown well over 20 different styles
and models of fixed wing aircraft.

Mr. Daubs also assembled and flew a rotary wing aircraft for two years. This was a
typical helicopter model; equipped with a single main rotor and tail rotor and full flight
controls.

Mr Daubs has acted as a training pilot for students wishing to learn to fly radio
controlled aircraft. In that capacity, Mr Daubs has assisted in the training of over 20
student pilots over the past 30 years.

Mr. Daubs composed a training manual for a local radio control model club to be used
for flight training. It followed very closely the training that a private pilot would receive
during his training. The manual outlined basic aircraft operation, principles of flight,
traffic pattern procedures, safety and emergency procedures, take off and landing

                                                                                                Page 3
procedures and obstacle avoidance. It also included a pre-flight checklist and pilot log.
In all, during the past 30 plus years it is estimated that Mr. Daubs has well over 750
hours of PIC flying time in radio controlled aircraft. This can only be estimated as there
has never been a requirement to log flight hours in radio controlled model aircraft flown
as a hobby.

Aircraft Description:
The aircraft that SVS would be operating is a Tarot FY690S hexacopter with an overall
diameter of approximately twenty nine (29) inches and weighing fifty three (53) ounces
(gross flying weight is under twenty pounds). It is constructed primarily of two (2)
carbon-fiber, centrally located, main boards and six (6) carbon-fiber booms radiating
out from the central main frame. It will be powered by rechargeable batteries carried
on board.

An electric motor is mounted at the outboard end of each boom driving alternating
clockwise and counter-clockwise pitched propellers, for a total of six (6) units. This
allows full control of yaw, pitch and roll by regulating the speed of each motor/propeller
unit. The motors are controlled by individual solid state electronic speed controls, all
maintained and controlled via a main controller and an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU).

Main flight control will be provided by a state of the art, Spektrum DX-9 DSMX-9 radio
control transmitter linked to an onboard receiver operating in the 2.4GHz band (this
frequency is approved by the FCC for radio controlled aircraft). Also on board will be a
WooKong-M Multi Rotor Autopilot System linked with a barometric pressure altimeter
and G.P.S./Compass unit providing in-flight telemetry.

The WooKong M autopilot system translates inputs from the Radio control transmitter
through the receiver and controls the motors on the craft. With additional input from the
altimeter, G.P.S. and IMU the WooKong is capable of being operated in three different
modes: 1) Full control by PIC, 2) Altimeter hold and 3) Full autopilot.

In mode 1 the PIC has full control of the craft. In mode 2 the WooKong maintains
altitude and allows the craft to be flown in a very stable fashion. Altitude can still be
adjusted by the PIC but the flight characteristics in this mode are very smooth. In the
final mode 3, the WooKong takes over full control of the craft. This mode is used in
case of signal interruption or minor fault in the system. When mode 3 is engaged the
craft will cease all forward, lateral and vertical flight, stabilize it's self and return to the
point of origin of the flight and land autonomously. Mode 3 can also be selected by the
PIC via the radio transmitter.

Additional safety features include redundant battery voltage warning devices. As part of
the WooKong system a large LED panel is installed and oriented so that it is visible
while the craft is in flight. This LED panel flashes different series and colors of lights to
indicate different status of the electronics. Chief among them are confirmation that
G.P.S. satellites have been located and fixed for navigation and a continuos readout of

                                                                                                Page 4
the voltage level of the main flight battery. (Refer to the diagram in the Appendix) A
secondary voltage monitoring and warning device is also used. This unit plugs directly
into the main flight battery and supplies a digital readout of the pack voltage. When the
pack voltage drops to within 25% of capacity an audible alarm sounds to warn the PIC
of the low battery voltage.

There are also features available on the Spektrum Transmitter than can be used to help
prevent a flight lasting past the safe voltage limit of the primary flight battery. A
countdown timer can be set to a pre-determined amount fo time. When that time is
reached, both an audible alarm and verbal warning will be sounded advising of such.

An under belly, centrally located, auxiliary mounting platform will be utilized for a two
axis, gimbal stabilized, camera mount. Currently a GoPro camera is planned for use.
The canopy of the aircraft will be clearly marked with our company name, address and
contact information (following requirements already in place by the AMA).

A ground based station will be utilized primarily by the VO during all operations. An 8"
LCD video screen will be used to display live video feed and telemetry information being
broadcast by the sUAS. Included in the telemetry information will be the altitude,
direction of flight and speed of the sUAS in "real time". This information will be super
imposed over the live video feed showing the on-board camera view.

In addition, all maintenance logs, flight logs and other required legal documents will be
kept with the ground station. This will ensure that they are available for inspection
should the need arise.

SVS will utilize various weather and radar applications on our iPad and smart phones
prior to and during operations to assist in confirming suitable weather conditions exist to
execute and maintain an operation. We will also be using a digital anemometer for
current wind speed and direction readings.

Mr. Daubs assembled the airframe and installed all operating systems and controls on
the Tarot FY690S used by SVS. He has test flown the aircraft for airworthiness as well
as conducted more than 10 hours of practice flights to become fully familiar with the
aircraft's performance, maneuverability and flight characteristics. He has conducted
well over 3 take offs and landings within the past 30 days.

Flight Log and Documentation:
The Tarot FY690S is not a "buy and fly" sUAS as are many less expensive sUAS
currently being used. It was designed and manufactured with the intent of the end user
to build and equip it with electronics of their own choosing. As such there is no
manufacturer supplied owner's manual or operating manual. SVS has developed
documents specific to the equipment installed on our sUAS.

                                                                                                Page 5
Documentation will be maintained detailing the construction and maintenance of the
aircraft to include modifications, damage and repairs. A flight log will be kept to record
the date, time, location, duration and other pertinent information related to each flight.

A separate log will be maintained for tracking individual battery charging and
discharging information to assist in identifying when a battery has reached the end
of it's useful life.

Screen shots of the flight log and copies of the maintenance log are in the Appendix.

Risk Management:
Each flight will be performed during daylight hours following established Visual Flight
Rules (VFR) and conditions. There will be a minimum of two (2) persons present; one
designated as the pilot in command (PIC) and the other as the visual observer (VO).
The PIC and VO will be in constant verbal contact with each other during all flights. The
sUAS will be flown within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO. All flights
will be flown at or below 400 feet above ground level (AGL) in keeping with existing
established practices. No flights will be conducted within the controlled airspace of an
active airport.

The subject property owner and surrounding neighbors will be advised that a sUAS
operation is going to take place. This will help to ensure that no one is startled by the
sight of the sUAS and will assist with crowd control. Additionally, as much as is possible,
all non essential ground personnel will be kept out of the flight area for the duration of
the flight.

Prior to each flight a thorough pre-flight inspection will be conducted in a manner
typical with full scale aircraft, checking to be sure that the airframe and all components
are in a proper and good state of repair, all subsystems are operating properly and that
the radio control system is communicating with the sUAS. In the event of an in-flight
loss of radio control signal between the sUAS and the transmitter, the on board central
computer system has a built in "return to home" feature. That feature will stop all vertical
and lateral flight, take over control of the sUAS and return it to the location the flight
originated, landing it completely autonomously.

An on-board management system confirms that the computer system is operating
properly and has established a good link to multiple G.P.S. satellites. A system of
flashing and steady LED lights visually confirms the status with the operator. This LED
is oriented so that it can be observed while the sUAS is in flight.

The sUAS will also be fitted with an on-board battery management system which will
display a digital readout of the voltage of the primary flight battery. In addition the
system will sound an audible warning to indicate a low voltage condition. In such event,
the flight will be terminated and the sUAS will be returned to the point of origin and
landed.

                                                                                                Page 6
                                          ********************

Sky Vision Services, LLC (SVS) is seeking exemption from the following regulations:

         14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR §45.23 (a) & (b); 14 CFR §47 Subpart A, B and C;
14 CFR §91.119; 14 CFR §91.121; 14 CFR §91.151 (a); 14 CFR §91.203 (a) & (b); 14
CFR §91.405 (a); 14 CFR §91.407 (a) (1); 14 CFR §91.409 (a) (1) & (2); 14 CFR
§91.417 (a) & (b) and a COA.

Following each annotated regulation is the explanation requesting each exemption.

· 14 CFR Part 21 - Certification Procedures for Products and Parts

         Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and
         changing design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and
         airworthiness approvals.

As stated by the FAA in a prior request for exemption (ASTRAEUS AERIAL exemption
#11062 and TRUDEAU #11138) exemption is not necessary from this section as it
would not directly apply to the operation of a sUAS due to it's limited size, weight,
operating conditions and design safety features.

· 14 CFR §45.23 (a) & (b) - Display of marks; general.
         (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of
         the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the
         registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed
         must also be a Roman capital letter.

         (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
         number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
         experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display
         on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters
         not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
         "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Pertaining to 14 CFR §45.23 (a) an exemption is sought for the following reasoning.
The sUAS that SVS plans to operate differs in no way from a regular radio controlled
(RC) aircraft in it's manufacture, build/assembly or flight. There are no requirements for
RC aircraft to be registered and marked with any registration numbers. It also appears
that the requirements of the following, 14 CFR §47, subpart A, B and C are contrary to
the design and manufacture of our sUAS.

                                                                                                Page 7
Pertaining to 14 CFR §45.23 (b) , as previously ruled in (ASTRAEUS AERIAL #11062)
an exemption from this section is not necessary.

· 14 CFR §47, Subpart A, B and C - Aircraft Registration

Relief is sought under these sections as follows: Our sUAS is a kit, manufactured
outside of the United States, does not have any registration, serial numbers, model
number, or any identification numbers affixed to it by the manufacturer. There is
nothing in place in local, state or federal government for the owner of a sUAS to have
his craft examined and have any identifying serial numbers assigned or affixed to it.

In order to register any aircraft, AC form 8050-1 must be filed. That form requires the
listing of the serial number of the aircraft to be registered in addition to other
requirements that cannot be meet. Without any such serial number the requirement to
have the sUAS registered appears to be unobtainable.

· 14 CFR §91.119 - Minimum safe altitudes: General.
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
         below the following altitudes:

         c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
         may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure.

SVS is requesting exemption from 14 CFR §91.119 (c). Our intention is to fly our sUAS
above and around real property taking aerial video to be used to enhance real estate
listings. The altitude such operations would be conducted would not exceed 400' AGL.

The owner's of the real property and structures we would be flying above and around
would have prior notice and have given prior authorization for our operations. All
persons present at the time of the operation would be notified of the impending
operation and cautioned to either leave the immediate area or to remain inside until the
operation is finished (excluding those persons actively involved in the operation).

As indicated in our earlier statement, every effort would be made to keep unauthorized
persons out of the immediate area and at least 500' away. In the event that the 500'
zone was violated, the operation would cease immediately and the sUAS landed.
Given the limited size, weight, operating conditions as set forth herein and the design
safety features of our sUAS the equivalent level of safety will be achieved during all
operations. Compared to flight operations of fixed wing aircraft or rotary wing aircraft

                                                                                                Page 8
carrying a pilot and or crew, the potential danger is far less in the same circumstances
than with our sUAS.

· 14 CFR §91.121 - Altimeter settings.
         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
         level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
         when operating--
                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

The sUAS that SVS will be operating is equipped with a barometric altimeter and a
G.P.S. antenna/compass. Information from these two sources is fed directly into the on-
board flight controller for use during flight. This information is also relayed, via real time
video feed, to the ground station for both the PIC and VO to monitor during the flight
operation. Thus a constant confirmation of the sUAS altitude will be readily available at
all times.

Although this is not typical of the equipment required in fix wing aircraft an equivalent
level of safety will be achieved by the PIC and VO at all times. Therefore, SVS is
requesting exemption from14CFR §91.121.

· 14 CFR §91.151 (a) - Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--

                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
         after that for at least 20 minutes.

Regarding relief from 14 CFR §91.151 (a). Our sUAS carries no fuel. Instead it is
battery powered. As explained earlier within this document, our sUAS is equipped with
a dual system of alerting the PIC and VO of a low voltage condition in the main flight
battery. Namely, a digital readout and audible sounding alarm will alert the PIC and VO
when the on board battery voltage reaches 25% or less capacity. A second visual
warning device, the LED, will flash a warning indicating the same condition has been
reached.

                                                                                                Page 9
In the event either of the two visual warnings or audible warning is detected, the
operation will be terminated and the sUAS returned to land immediately. Given the
restrictive operating area that these operations would be carried out, the 25% battery
level affords more than sufficient time to safely return and land the sUAS.

Given that similar exemptions have been granted under similar conditions (exemptions
ASTRAEUS #11062 and TRUDEAU #11138) an exemption to these regulations is
sought.

· 14 CFR §91.203 (a) & (b) - Civil aircraft: Certifications required.
         (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. Each U.S.
                  airworthiness certificate used to comply with this subparagraph (except a
                  special flight permit, a copy of the applicable operations specifications
                  issued under §21.197© of this chapter, appropriate sections of the air
                  carrier manual required by parts 121 and 135 of this chapter containing
                  that portion of the operations specifications issued under §21.197©, or an
                  authorization under §91.611) must have on it the registration number
                  assigned to the aircraft under part 47 of this chapter. However, the
                  airworthiness certificate need not have on it an assigned special
                  identification number before 10 days after that number is first affixed to the
                  aircraft. A revised airworthiness certificate having on it an assigned special
                  identification number, that has been affixed to an aircraft, may only be
                  obtained upon application to an FAA Flight Standards district office.

                  (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for
                  operation within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft
                  registration Application as provided for in §47.31©, or a registration
                  certification issued under the laws of a foreign country.

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

The sUAS operated by SVS weighs less than 20 pounds and is operated without an on-
board pilot and as such there is no provision for carrying the required documents as
outlined under this regulation.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these or similar documents at

                                                                                               Page 10
the ground station during any operations. They will be readily available for inspection by
any so authorized official requesting to inspect them.

In keeping with other exemptions (ASTRAEUS #11062 and TRUDEAU #11138) SVS is
requesting exemption from 14 CFR §91.203 (a) & (b).

· 14 CFR §91.405 (a) - Maintenance required.
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
         shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
         section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

· 14 CFR §91.407 (a) (1) - Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
         rebuilding, or alteration.
         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized
                  under §43.7 of this chapter;

· 14 CFR §91.409 (a) (1) & (2) - Inspections.
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph c) of this section, no person may operate an
         aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
                  has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7
                  of this chapter; or

                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                  accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

· 14 CFR §91.417 (a) & (b) - Maintenance records.
         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each
         registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
                  and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
                  approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
                  airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
                  The records must include--

                                                                                               Page 11
                  (I) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                  Administrator) of the work performed; and

                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                  (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving
                  the aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

                  (I) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                  propeller, and each rotor.

                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                  propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft
                  which are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                  since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
                  which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD)
                  and safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance,
                  the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or
                  safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when
                  the next action is required.

                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for
                  each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed
                  engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
         retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1
         year after the work is performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
         retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                                                                               Page 12
                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
                  §43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and
                  the aircraft is approved for return to service.

Regarding 14 CFR §91.405 (a); 14 CFR §91.407 (a) (1); 14 CFR §91.409 (a) (1) (2) and
14 CFR §91.417 (a) & (b); an exemption is sought from these sections. The
manufacturer of our sUAS does not offer any documentation regarding regular
maintenance schedules and suggested maintenance. As such it is the responsibility of
SVS to create and use a similar maintenance log.

As described earlier, SVS will utilize a maintenance and repair log that will fully
document any maintenance, upgrades or repairs performed on their sUAS. Additionally
a flight log will be used to fully document every flight conducted by the sUAS outlining at
a minimum the date, time, location, duration and any other pertinent information of said
flight. It will be the responsibility of the PIC to ensure the sUAS is flight worthy prior to
any operation by conducting a pre-flight check as outlined in the Pre Flight Check List
developed by SVS.

By following these restrictions an equivalent level of safety will be achieved in ensuring
that the sUAS is maintained in an airworthy condition and is checked to be fully
operational prior to any flight.

· Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) - The COA will require the operator

         to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM), which is the mechanism for alerting other
         users of the NAS to the UAS activities being conducted.

An exemption is being sought from obtaining a COA based on the following information
and belief. The sUAS that SVS would be operating is no larger than the vast majority of
radio controlled (RC) aircraft currently being flown as a hobby by thousands of people
across the United States. RC aircraft are similar to sUAS in that they are unmanned
and are operated remotely via radio transmitted signals.

Under agreement between the FAA pursuant to Advisory Circular 91-57, Model Aircraft
Operating Standards, and the AMA safety guidelines for operating RC aircraft, it is
agreed that RC aircraft would not be flown above 400' AGL, would weigh less than 55
pounds and would not be flown in any controlled airspace or interfere with the flight path
of any full scale aircraft. SVS has proposed the same restrictions apply to it's sUAS.

Full scale aircraft operating in the NAS are prohibited from flying below 500' AGL except
under certain conditions such as takeoff and landing or after obtaining an exemption (14
CFR §91.119 (b)). This alone creates a 100' safety zone in altitude between legally
operating full scale aircraft and legally operating RC aircraft or sUAS.

                                                                                               Page 13
There is no requirement for any RC aircraft or pilot of such aircraft to obtain a COA nor
to file a NOTAM prior to any flight. Requiring such would overwhelm the ATC system
with such notices, thus rendering them less effective by shear numbers.

Operating a sUAS as SVS is proposing would not differ in any substantial manner from
operating any other RC aircraft, other than it's use for commercial purposes. The fact
that the operator is being compensated for flying the sUAS has no impact on the
physical presence of the sUAS in the NAS or how it is safely operated. A more practical
solution would be to place a requirement on the operator of a sUAS to check for
NOTAMs involving full scale aircraft operating in the area prior to any sUAS operations.
This is something that SVS would be more than willing to do and abide by.

                                          ********************

Pursuant to 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Registry if needed.

Sky Vision Services, LLC (SVS) is seeking exemption from the following regulations:

         14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR §45.23 (a) & (b); 14 CFR §47 Subpart A, B and C;
14 CFR §91.119; 14 CFR §91.121; 14 CFR §91.151 (a); 14 CFR §91.203 (a) & (b); 14
CFR §91.405 (a); 14 CFR §91.407 (a) (1); 14 CFR §91.409 (a) (1) & (2); 14 CFR
§91.417 (a) & (b) and a COA.

Granting these exemptions would permit SVS to operate a sUAS weighing less than 20
pounds for the primary purpose of recording aerial videography/cinematography and/or
still pictures for the purpose of enhancing real estate listings of property and/or homes
for sale.

The operation of said sUAS conducted within the strict conditions set forth would
provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of exemptions sought.
Additionally by granting an exemption from Part 21 would allow the operations outlined
to be conducted for commercial purposes.

Due to the limited size, weight, operating conditions and design safety features of the
sUAS result in a safer operation than those of fulls scale aircraft being operated for the
same purpose.

                                                                                               Page 14
Public Benefits:
Shasta County has been a hub for growth and recreation in California for many past
decades. The diverse natural resources of the area have been a large factor in
attracting people to the north state. In the mid to late 1980's, the city of Redding (the
largest city in Shasta County) had a population of approximately 50,000 people and
covered approximately fifty square miles. Today, Redding's population has grown to
nearly 100,000 people and encompasses over sixty five square miles.

With both Lake Shasta and Wiskeytown Lake offering water sports activities and
abundant fishing and the surrounding forested mountains offering camping, hunting
and outdoor recreation, the north state is growing rapidly. With this growth comes the
need for more development in both the business sector and residential housing. With
the recent upturn in the economy the Redding area is beginning to enjoy more growth
again.

Traditionally more expensive fixed wing and rotary wing aircraft have been the only
option for aerial surveying and photography. This method is inherently dangerous for
not only the pilots and crews of the aircraft but the general public in the unfortunate
event of a failure resulting in a crash by the aircraft in use. The biggest danger is in the
fuel used by these aircraft. The fuel is highly combustible and often results in setting off
uncontrolled fires at the scene of a crash.

The use of a battery powered sUAS puts no crew in danger (it is unmanned) and poses
no immediate fire danger in the case of a crash (it is battery powered). Due to the
relatively small size of the sUAS the possibility of collateral damage to structures or the
public in the event of a crash is also greatly reduced, if not eliminated. The cost to
operate and maintain a sUAS is only pennies on the dollar compared to full size aircraft.

The granting of this exemption would afford local realty companies a more affordable
and safer alternative to acquire aerial videography/cinematography or still photography
to help enhance real estate listings and advertising in order to assist sales. This would
benefit the community as a whole by helping to increase home sales, increase
spending in the local economy and generate increased tax revenue at the local, state
and federal level. The exemption would also aid the general public in acquiring a better
knowledge of the geographical layout of the surrounding area and the accessibility of
the area's recreational diversity thus ameliorating the service industry it supports.
Another ancillary benefit would be an increase in the general public's knowledge and
understanding of integrating the use of sUAS into every day life in keeping with the
intent of the Reform Act.

                                                                                               Page 15
Appendix

· Tarot FY690S Airframe
· Basic airframe under construction
· Dimensions and 2 Axis Gimbal Mount with Camera
· The WooKong M Multi Rotor Control System
· Schematic of WooKong Components
· LED Status Chart
· LED Flight Status Chart
· Single Flight Log
· Total Flights Log
· Total Flight Time on sUAS Log
· Battery Use Log
· Pilots License Scans
· Maintenance Log
· Pre Flight Check List

                                                                                               Page 16
Tarot FY690S multi-rotor sUAS airframe

                                                                                               Page 17
Basic airframe under construction with motors installed on the booms

                                                                                               Page 18
Typical dimensions, overall gross weight,
as flown by SVS

                                                                       Tarot 2 Axis, Gimbal Stabilized
                                                                       Camera Mount
                                                                       Shown with GoPro Camera
                                                                       installed - mounts under the
                                                                       airframe

                                                                                               Page 19
The WooKong M Multi Rotor Control System main components

                                                                                               Page 20
Schematic of installation of WooKong Components

                                                                                               Page 21
LED Status Chart

                                                                                               Page 22
LED Flight Status Chart

                                                                                               Page 23
Representative Copy of "Single Flight" Log Entry

                                                                                               Page 24
Representative Copy of "Total Flights" Log Entry

                                                                                               Page 25
Representative Copy of "Total Flight Time" on sUAS Flight Log Entry

                                                                                               Page 26
Representative Copy of "Battery Log" Log Entry

                                                                                               Page 27
Scans of Pilots Licenses/AMA Membership
Daniel Kofford
Charlie Daubs

                                                                                               Page 28
             Maintenance Log

This log is to used to document all builds, upgrades, repairs and maintenance performed
on the sUAS used by SVS, the Tarot FY690S.

     DATE    BUILD, UPGRADE, REPAIR, MAINTENANCE DONE
Feb. 2014    Purchase of major components begins, Tarot FY690S
March 2014   Continued purchase of components
April 2014   Build of Tarot FY690S begins
May 2014     Main air frame completed
May 2014     Installation of electronics begins
June 2014    Build Complete
06/13/14     First Test Flight was successful!
06/14/14     Changed Flight Batteries to higher capacity
06/21/14     Second Test Flight successful!
09/20/14     Installed On-Board Camera Mount, 2 Axis Gimbal w/GoPro Camera
09/23/14     Installed Video Equipment On-Board
09/27-28/14  Maintenance Done ­ All screws checked, all equipment checked for solid
             mounting, all electrical connections checked, CG checked and confirmed,
             propellers checked for damage and balanced, motor bearings oiled

11/29-30/14  Maintenance Done ­ All screws checked, all equipment checked for solid
             mounting, all electrical connections checked, CG checked and confirmed,
11/30/14     propellers checked for damage and balanced, motor bearings oiled
01/13/15     New propellers installed
01/29/15     Retractable landing gear installed, CG checked
             Maintenance Done ­ All screws checked, all equipment checked for solid mounting,
02/27/15     all electrical connections checked, CG checked and confirmed, propellers checked for
             damage and balanced, motor bearings oiled
             Second receiver installed for control of camera and retractable landing gear

             Page 29
                            sUAS Flight Check List

n Primary Flight Batteries Charged
n Radio Control Transmitter/Receiver Batteries Charged
n Base Station Video Receiver Batteries Charged
n Components of sUAS Installed Properly, Secured
n Components of sUAS Are Wired Properly
n Activate Transmitter/Receiver ­ Confirm Radio Connection
n Activate sUAS ­ Confirm:
1. G.P.S. Satellite Connection
2. No Errors in LED Display
3. Primary Flight Battery Voltage
4. Video Link Established
5. Camera Gimbal Control Established
6. Motors Operate Properly
n Area Clear for Take Off

                                                                                               Page 30
