September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13008
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2750

Mr. Jimmy J. Carini
Sky Estates Drone, LLC
229 Hillside Road
Oak Ridge, TN 37830

Dear Mr. Carini:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on July 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Sky Estates Drones, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and photography of real estate properties, inspections,
mapping, surveying, special event production, and search and rescue.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI
Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sky Estates Drones, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                               3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sky Estates Drones, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics Solo,
    DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
                                    8

Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Enclosures
Petition for Exemption, requesting relief from the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, Public Law 112-95 FEB. 14, 2012, Section 333

Petitioner:
Jimmy J Carini
SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC
229 Hillside Rd
Oak Ridge TN 37830

PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF

SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC
FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

PART 21, SUB PART H AND SECTIONS ㎣ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.109, 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (1) & (a) (2), AND 91.417(a) & (b)
CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION OF 3D ROBOTICS SOLO, DJI PHANTOM 2 AND PHANTOM 3
PROFESSIONAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS PURDANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE FAA
MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

REQUEST FOR EXEMPTION
Whereas, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC (Jimmy Carini) seeks for an exemption seeking relief from the
requirements OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS. Relief from airworthiness
certification requirements from the above mentioned regulations.
This exemption will permit SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for
the commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of Real Estate Properties (for
homeowners, realtors, home builders, home contractors and / or home inspectors for real estate
marketing and inspection of home exteriors) as well landscape, conducting power line inspection, aerial
mapping, surveying and search & rescue along with special event production and film and television
production over certain areas of the United States.
Granting this exemption to SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will allow buyers of the real estate market to see
the viewing property from a different and broader angle, giving the buyer a greater perspective and
seeing much more potential in a prospective property for sale.

Providing high quality digital imaging and video content to clients, utilizing 3D Robotics Solo, DJI
Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 3 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS).

BACKGROUND INFORMATION

SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC is based in Tennessee founded in 2015 a Limited Liability Company
established May 20th 2015 with the Secretary of State Tennessee to specialize in real estate videography
and photography. ) Providing a topography landscape, and geographical view, conducting power line
inspection, aerial mapping, surveying and search & rescue along with special event production and film
and television production. Providing high quality digital imaging and video content and footage to its
clients, utilizing 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2, and DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAV's.

AERIAL OPERATION INTENTIONS

Sky Estate Drones will be in interest to conduct aerial video and photography of Real Estate Properties
(for homeowners, realtors, home builders, home contractors and / or home inspectors for real estate
marketing and inspection of home exteriors and interiors) Providing a topography landscape, and
geographical view, conducting power line inspection, aerial mapping, surveying and search & rescue
along with special event production and film and television production over certain areas of the United
States.

More specifically, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC aerial video and photography operations will serve in the
following areas:

 Aerial Videography / Photography of Residential, Commercial Buildings and Private Home Owners

 Aerial Surveys of Land, Geographical Structures and Power Lines

 Aerial Event Videography / Photography

 Aerial Film & Television Production

 Aerial Search & Rescue, along with Safety Inspections

 Increase Public Knowledge of UAS and Promote Safe UAS Operations.

The proposed aerial filming will be conducted over private property with controlled access in the NAS
and with the knowledge and permit of the private property's owner.

Regulatory Basis for Exemption Request

In addition to the waiver authority provided in 333 of the Modernization Act, the FAA may grant an
exemption under 49 U.S.C. 44701(f) if it has determined that such an exemption is in the public
interest. The FAA has imposed a separate requirement in its procedural regulations, providing that the
petitioner shall explain why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the
exemption would provide at least an equivalent level of safety as compliance with the underlying
regulation. In this case, approval of this exemption would advance the public interest by significantly
enhancing the safety and efficiency of market comparable and private events by allowing the UAS to
accept the liability of the risks involved as the general public would attempt a duplicate result. As
described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of UAS under tightly
controlled conditions, thus ensuring that operations will not have an adverse impact on safety. Granting
an Exemption is in the Public Interest. The safety and accuracy that the UAS can accept allows the
general public to avoid potential accidents, both private industry and commercial. It provides a more
accurate layout so fair market values (FMV's) may be determined in the lending and marketing process.
By allowing the UAS to accept these tasks, it allows the general public safety to be greatly reduced and
allows the property market and industry thrive on a fair and level ground.

By Granting Exemption it will not Adversely Affect Safety

This exemption for SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will impact the public by using the 3D Robotics Solo,
Phantom 2 and the Phantom 3 Professional UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAS are propelled by battery powered electric
motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

This exemption for SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will impact the public by using the 3D Robotics Solo,
Phantom 2 and the Phantom 3 Professional UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAS are propelled by battery powered electric
motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

Granting Exemption to SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will enhance safety using UAV's for videography and
photography will allow buyers of the real estate market to see the full scope of what they are in the
market to purchase when viewing property, showing terrain how it actually sets with the structure being
positioned in the valley or on a hilltop, allowing the view of acreage, crops, ponds, lakes and oceans in
relative position to the viewing property. Revealing structure that may not be suitable or safe possibly
leading to restructure later, or even giving one a greater perspective to seeing much more potential in a
prospective property for sale.

COMPLIANT WITH THE FEDRAL, STATE AND LOCAL LAWS TO FLY UAV'S

SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will remain compliant with the federal, state and local laws to fly UAV's.
Ensuring SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC does not fly any UAV's without daylight. SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will
not fly UAV's above 200 feet. The UAV's will be carried to the site of UAV use. UAV's will not carry no
passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft,
and SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will not fly the UAV's within a congested area or within operations at least
2 miles from any public airports (including heliports). In the event an operation needs to be conducted
closer to an airport, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will inform the airport operator and airport air traffic
control tower of the contemplated operation and will comply with any directions issued by air traffic
control at that airport. SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will stay within the limits of airspeed and not
exceeding 29 knots (15 m/s), Nor shall any of SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC fly a UAV weighing more than 55
lbs. Each UAV will be registered with the FAA and display the proper registration stickers during flight.
These UAV's have a failsafe mode which activates the UAV return to home(RTH) feature so that SKY
ESTATE DRONES, LLC can ensure they do not get out of the operators control, whether it's because the
UAV got out of range, or there was a signal interruption, and or battery on the UAV or controller were
low. The UAV will activate the RTH feature and return where it started from to ensure public safety of
the craft.
Petitioner, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations (14
C.F.R.  11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules
for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the
3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 , and DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS in the National Airspace System
(NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R ㎣ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.109, 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated Sky Estate Drones for
Exemption Page 7 with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC operation of
3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS meets the conditions of FMRA
Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.
Accordingly, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC will use experienced personnel or technicians to perform
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS's using the methods, techniques, and
practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics Solo,
DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional Instruction Manual).

Furthermore, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC will document and maintain all maintenance records for the 3D
Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS. Relief from certain
requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:

   Pilot In Command, is requested by SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot
   in Command (PIC) holding a Supplemental Pilot Certificate, and who has demonstrated, by meeting
   minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the 3D
   Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS in a manner consistent with
   this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
   from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
Sky Estate Drones seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the 3D
Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS do not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
As such, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC submits that it will ensure that the 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2
Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS are in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by
determining that the UAS's are in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance
Log, and 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional Instruction Manual),
and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.
SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS
will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard.
However, altitude information of the 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3
Professional UA will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of
the flight path.
This altitude information, combined with SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC operation of the 3D Robotics Solo,
DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3 Professional UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 200
feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.
Additionally, SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b),
entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. SKY ESTATES DRONES, LLC submits that safety
will not be affected by operation of the 3D Robotics Solo, DJI Phantom 2 Vision and, DJI Phantom 3
Professional UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules
(VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 13.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

Minimum requirements for the PIC include:
    1) 75 hours of logged UAV Flight Time including still and video capture
     2) Have undergone a qualification process as specified in the Flight Operations
        & Procedures Manual consisting of a knowledge & skill test of the aircraft to be
        used.
     3) Maintain an understanding of all associated pre-flight, in-flight and post flight
        checklists.

SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC intends to use commercially available UAV Components for UAV.
These UAV systems will be tested for quality & safety before being deployed to the
field. The UAV is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger,
and operates exclusively within a secured area. We have a routine maintenance schedule
to verify that the UAV will remain in safe and operational condition.
Please see Appendix B, for Specific Types of UAV.
Notes Regarding: 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of PL 112---95 in reference to
49 USC 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft and its operation, we request that this aircraft exemption meets
the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, if granted Section 333 relief of 14 CFR part 21, and
any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.
Notes Regarding: 14 C.F.R.  45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
Given the size of theUAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible. UA will be identified
by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
--Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large
as practicable.
Notes Regarding: 14 CFR  91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC request is based on the fact that no airworthiness certificate will be
issued for the UAS. SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC UAV's will not require an airworthiness certificate
in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H. Based on the fact that an airworthiness
certificate will not be issued, exemption from  91.7(a) is not necessary.
Notes Regarding: 14 CFR  91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight manual, marking & placard
Certifications required, the original intent of these regulations was to display an aircraft's
airworthiness, certification, and registration documents so they would be easily available
to inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA Memorandum subject "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's
control station," dated August 8, 2014, the requested relief from 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9(b)(2)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is not necessary.
Notes Regarding: 91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated instrument & certain flight tests
Small UASs, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. Aircraft being considered for use by SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC allow the
UAS Instructor to place the aircraft into `loiter' mode (fixed altitude stationary hold). In
the event of the student losing control, the UAS Instructor can quickly and via alternate
equipment (equipment not in the hands of the student) place the aircraft into a mode that
then allows the instructor to bring the aircraft back into control and back to the predetermined
and/or safe landing location.
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC does not describe training scenarios in which a dual set of controls
would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight instruction, provided by a flight instructor
or other company-designated individual, that would require that individual to have fully
functioning dual controls. Rather, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC evaluates the qualification of its PICs
based on their experience with the UAS to be operated and verifies through testing, in
lieu of formalized training. As such, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC does not seek relief from 14 CFR 
91.109.
Notes Regarding  14 CFR 91.119(b)
Relief from  14 CFR 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable,
because SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC operations will only be conducted within the secured area
described herein.
SKY ESTATE DRONE, LLC Safety Operations & Procedures Overview:
Technology Considerations:
Best-in-class, tried and proven technologies that are in advanced iterations. Software from
highly-reputable industry partners will include features -
1. Auto descent (landing) if communication signal were to be severed. If the UAV
loses communications, the UAV will have capability to return to a pre-determined
location within the Security Perimeter and land.
2. Auto descent (landing) if battery were to drop lower than nominal level.
3. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve.
4. Live video for operator gives real-time positioning feedback. In other words, we
can monitor the scene from the vehicle's perspective for collision avoidance, and to
maintain spatial orientation.
5. The UAV will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles
or emergencies.
6. On-Screen-Display (OSD) contains operating information to ascertain vehicle
health at all times: speed, altitude, number of GPS satellites (when available),
heading and voltage.
7. GPS lock supplies for return-to-home (RTH). Should Command and Control (C2)
link failures occur (highly improbable), vehicle returns automatically to the point of
launch.
8. Altitude information will be provided to the UAV pilot via a digital coded
telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen
display. This altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board
the aircraft, using GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or
radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude
initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.
Mechanical/Physical:
1. We will fly line-of-sight (LOS) only. The vehicle will always remain in direct LOS
to the pilot, thus eliminating the concern of signal severance (flying behind
objects/walls).
2. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs and travel at less than 50 knots.
3. Batteries should far exceed the capacity required for actual flight time.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet AGL.
5. Fireproof bags for storage and charging of high capacity Lipo batteries on-site.
6. UA operated under this exemption will be marked in accordance with 14 CFR
part 45 or as otherwise authorized by the FAA.
Personnel:
1. Spotters ensure safe operation and act as a redundant set of eyes for operators
(pilot, gimbal op, director)
2. Radio spectrum analysis for interference on the frequencies utilized for vehicle
control/communication.
3. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAV operations prior to
each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing
duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
4. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the UAV operations
and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight
operations.
5. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
6. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
7. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAV generally and
received up-to-date information on the particular UAV to be operated.
Operations:
1. The unmanned aircraft (UA) must weigh less than 55 pounds (25 Kg),
including energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by this petition
of exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in Appendix B.
Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
amendment to this request.
2. The UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.
3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet above ground
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual.
All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's State issued identification
license.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to
satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
6. The operator's manual included as Appendix C and this petition of exemption
must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions and limitations
herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must
follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.
The operator may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's
responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents
to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and
revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator
determines that any update or revision would affect the basis for which the FAA
grants this petition for exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment
to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's
manual.

7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition
for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included in the
preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual.
The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS
aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test
flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the operator's manual.

9. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
When unavailable, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in the
operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements for the following must be
included in the operator's manual:

a. Actuators / Servos;
b. Transmission (single rotor);
c. Powerplant (motors);
d. Propellers;
e. Electronic speed controller;
f. Batteries;
g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
h. Remote command and control;
i. Ground control station (if used); and
j. Any other components as determined by the operator;

10. The Pilot In Command (PIC) Must have logged the required information as
set previous in the minimum requirements for a PIC
11. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not
essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must
operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
14 CFR  91.119.
12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, the
PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 
61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as UAV pilot operating the make and model of
UAV to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and
three landings in the preceding 90 days.
Training, proficiency, experience building,
and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this
petition of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency.
During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing
currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.
13. Prior to any flight operations authorized by this petition of exemption, the PIC
and VO must have successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined in
the operator's manual. As this is a requirement stipulated by the operator, the test
must be developed and implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole
discretion of the operator. A record of completion of this qualification process
must be documented and made available to the Administrator upon request.
14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, a flight
demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and -qualified pilot must be
successfully completed and documented. This documentation must be available for
review upon request by the Administrator. Because the knowledge and airmanship
test qualifications have been developed by the operator, and there are no established
practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and
approval of company designated examiners, the petitioner will conduct these tests in
accordance with the operator's manual.

15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized
And consenting personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.
16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual has
safety mitigations for authorized and consenting personnel. At all times,
those persons must be essential to the operations.
Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator must ensure that no
persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be
involved and necessary for the flight path operations.
This provision may be reduced
to no less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the Administrator
has approved it. For example, an equivalent level of safety maybe determined by an
aviation safety inspector's evaluation of flight path area to note terrain features,
obstructions, buildings, safety barriers, etc.
Such barriers may protect
nonparticipating persons (observers, the public, news media, etc.) from debris in the
event of an accident.
17. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operator's manual.
18. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.
19. Each UAS operation must be completed with 25% battery power remaining.
20. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this petition
of exemption.
This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.
21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
(N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
be as large as practicable.
22. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the
UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of theUAS.
These procedures must be added to the operator's manual.
23. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.
24. The operator must develop UAS technician qualification criteria. These criteria
must be added to the operator's manual.
25. The preflight inspection section in the operator's manual must be amended to
include the following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the
relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual.
26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27. At least three days before scheduled UAV flight as contracted by any party, the
operator of the UAS affected by this exemption must record a plan of activities. The
plan of activities must include at least the following:

    a) Dates and times for all flights;
    b) Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS operations conducted under this

          petition of exemption;
    c) Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of the

          UAS;
    d) Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS to be used;
    e) Name UAS PICs involved in the flight event;
    f) A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners and/or

          local officials to conduct the infrastructure inspection event; the list of those who
          gave
     g) Signature of exemption-holder or representative; and
     h) permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      i) A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city, town,
          county, and/or state over which flight path willbe conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

28. The documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

30. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1.
All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions(VMC).
Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

31. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

32. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

33. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the
operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's
COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
the Administrator upon request.
34. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not
be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and
authorization to resume operations is provided.
Support for Petition for Exemption
In accordance with the procedural requirements of 14 C.F.R. 11.81, SKY ESTSATE DRONES, LLC
provides the following information:
Contact Information:
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC
Jimmy Carini
229 Hillside Rd
Oak Ridge TN, 37830
865-385-2132
skyestatedrones@gmail.com
Regulatory Provisions from which SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC
seeks an Exemption
SKY ESTATE DRONES believes it may need an exemption from the following provisions
to conduct the contemplated operations. In some instances, relief is needed because relief
from another provision renders compliance with the regulation at hand infeasible.
333 Aircraft Exemption Status
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1)&(2)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)&(b)
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC believes an exemption is only needed from the above-listed
regulatory provisions. To the extent that the FAA believes that additional relief is
required for SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC to conduct the operations described here, we request an
exemption from any such regulatory provisions as well.3
3 For example, 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) imposes certain maintenance record keeping requirements "as
applicable". Since none of the underlying requirements (e.g., inspection intervals) can be met and will
require an exemption, SKY ESTATE DRONES believes a separate exemption should not be required
for91.417(a).
The Extent of Requested Relief and the Reasons Relief is Needed
Section 333 Aircraft Exemption Status:
Section 333 of the Modernization Act authorizes the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate based on a consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability of the particular UAS, as well as its proximity to airports and
populated areas. An analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAV operated without an
airworthiness certificate in the areas and under the conditions contemplated by
SKYCAPTURE will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the conditions proposed in this
request.
The UAV is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, and operates
exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption
will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and observer. Operations will be
conducted in compliance with the FAA and with local public safety requirements to provide
security for the area of operation as is now done with conventional equipment, infrastructure,
bridge and out building evaluation. These safety enhancements provide an expanded degree
of safety to the inspectors over conventional operations. Lastly, application of these same
criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAV,
due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials and
inability to carry a substantial external load.
Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Applicant, this meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAV. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAV
operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed.14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)

61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person
who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft
that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

    (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

    (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
        hire.

SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC anticipates initially using a cadre of specially trained staff to
conduct the UAV operations. While these individuals will not hold commercial pilot
licenses. The UAV will not carry property for compensation or hire since they will be
used solely to assist in evaluation of market comparable for real estate purposes and
private party contracts; however, the employees' operation of the UAV will not be
incidental to their employment with SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC, and they will be compensated for
such work. Without an exemption, the pilot would be required to hold a commercial pilot
certificate under 61.133. However, the risk associated with the contemplated operations
is less than the risk posed by a traditional aircraft. The UAV will fly at altitudes well
below the permissible limits for other civil aircraft, eliminating the risk to other aircraft,
and within a geographical envelope under the sole control of SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC clients.
Accordingly, the risk would be limited to SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC personnel, who will be
appropriately outfitted in safety gear, and SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC client's property on the
ground. Requiring a commercial pilot certificate would provide no appreciable safety
benefit and would needlessly impose additional cost on SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC. Because the
contemplated operations would not comply with 61.113(b)(1) and none of the other
exceptions to paragraph (a) apply, relief is needed from both paragraphs (a) and (b).
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
aircraft below the following altitudes:
(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure.
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC submits that the only relief it requires from 91.119 is from the
minimum altitudes listed in paragraph (c). Relief is required from paragraph (c) for fixed
wing operations because asset evaluation conducted at 500 feet or higher is insufficiently
distinct to be meaningful. Since operations at this altitude also pose a heightened risk of
collision with another aircraft, safety can only be assured through the grant of an
exemption. The anticipated rotorcraft operations should be adequately addressed by
paragraph (d) (1). Additionally, relief should not be needed from paragraph (a) because
an emergency landing of the aircraft due to a power failure will not create an undue
hazard to persons or property on the surface. As noted in the explanation of why an
exemption will not adversely affect safety, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC clients has exclusive use of
the land over which the sUAS will be operated, and public access is restricted. It also has
exclusive use of significant portions of land adjacent to the infrastructure and structures
that will be the objects of evaluation and analysis. SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC Clients tightly
control access to land and have the ability to assure that no individuals unassociated with
the planned operations are on the affected land. As such, the risk of injury is minimal.
SKY ESTATE DRONE, LLC does not contemplate conducting operations over congested areas, so
relief is not requested from paragraph (b).
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."
As the UAV may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read
out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.
Altitude information will be provided to the UAV pilot via a digitally encoded telemetric
data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. This
altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board the aircraft, using
GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or radio altimeter, or any
combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established
and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.
14 C.F.R. 91.151
91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
(a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed 
During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(Considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

Operating the UAV in a pre-defined area with less than 30 minutes of reserve
fuel does not raise the type of risk contemplated by 91.151, i.e., that an aircraft could
run out of fuel in the event it has to be flown to an alternate airport or circle the planned
airport in the event of unanticipated conditions.
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC does not intend to use the UAV for point-to-point flights and will not operate
the UAV beyond visual line of sight. Nor will the UAV require an airport in order to land.
Rather, SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will operate the UAV using pre-planned flight paths (taking into
account weather conditions) designed to allow the UAV to fly to the point of intended landing. As such,
there is no need for a time- based excess fuel requirement. Rather it should be sufficient to require
only as much additional excess flight capacity as necessary to safely land the UAV.
We believe that a 25% battery reserve is more than sufficient to meet this objective.
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a) (1)&(2) and 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)
91.405 Maintenance required.
Each owner or operator of an aircraft 
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;
91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration.
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration unless 
(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
43.7 of this chapter;
91.409 Inspections.
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate
an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had
(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
been approved for return to service by a person authorized by 43.7 of this
chapter; or
(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with part 21 of this chapter.
91.417 (a) & (b)
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC believes that an exemption from these three maintenance
requirements is appropriate because the FAA has not developed maintenance standards
that would allow an operator to meet the part 91 maintenance requirements. In particular,
there are no individuals authorized by the FAA to approve a UAV for return to service
under 91.407(a) or to conduct the initial airworthiness and annual return to service inspections
required by 91.409(a).
SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC will maintain the aircraft as instructed in the
owner's manual and ASTM F2909, where applicable, and will not operate the aircraft
until it has reasonably determined that any needed repairs have been made. However,
because of the technical impossibility of meeting the requirements of ㎣91.405(a),
407(a), 409(a) and 417(a)&(b), we believe an exemption from these provisions is
appropriate.
Please do not hesitate to contact me at the phone number or via the e-mail address
provided above should you have any questions or concerns.
Appendix A
Summary for Federal Register Publication
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register should the FAA determine that publication is needed.
Petitioner: Jimmy Carini SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC
Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected:
333 Aircraft Exemption Status
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)&(b)
Description of Relief Sought:
Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 333 Aircraft Exemption Status, 14
C.F.R., 61.113(a)&(b)), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.405(a), 91.407(a), 91.409(a), and
91.417(a)&(b) to conduct UAV operations over SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC Client's owned or
controlled land, solely during daylight hours, to assist in the safe evaluation and analysis
of infrastructure and operations. In general, UAV operations are intended to be
conducted in areas remote from both congested areas and airports. The nature of
operations anticipated by SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC requires that the UAV be flown at relatively
low altitudes SKYCAPTURE expects that in most instances, the UAV will be flown less
than 75 feet from the highest structure along the path of the UAV and in no instances
will be flown higher than 200 feet above the ground. Accordingly, the risk of interference
with other aircraft is minimal.

Appendix B
UAV's to be operated and registered by FAA for the commercial use by SKY ESTATE DRONES, LLC

    1) 3D Robotics Solo
The 3D Robotics Solo specifications:

Cameras: Compatible with GoPro HERO3, 3+ and 4; optimized for HERO3+ and 4
Streaming video quality: 720p
Flight time: 25 minutes; 20 minutes with payload*
Range: .5 miles** (.8 km)
Max speed: 55 mph (89 km/h)
Max ascent speed: 10 m/s in stabilize mode; "fly" mode spec forthcoming
Max descent speed: ditto
Max payload: 420 g
Max altitude: 400 ft per FAA regulation, user adjustable (122 m)
Motors: 880 kV
Propellers: 10 diameter 4.5 pitch self-tightening (24 cm diameter 144 cm pitch)
Autopilot: Pixhawk 2
Software: APM:Copter
Communication: 3DR Link secure WiFi network
Frequency: 2.4 GHz
Weight: 3.3 lbs. (1.5 kg) / 3.9 lbs. (1.8 kg) with GoPro and Solo Gimbal
Dimensions: 10 in. tall (25 cm), 18 in. (46 cm) motor-to-motor
Flight battery: Lithium polymer 5200 mAh 14.8 Vdc
Battery charge time: ~1.5 hours
Controller battery: 2600 mAh 7.2 Vdc rechargeable lithium ion
App requirements: iOS 8.0 or later / Android 4.3 or later
Solo Gimbal:
Three-axis stabilization
Compatible with 3DR Solo and GoPro HERO3+ and HERO4
HDMI video output
Wireless software upgrade through Solo
Controllable range: 0 to -90 pitch

    2) Phantom 3 Professional

The DJI Phantom 3 Professional specifications:

UAV

Weight (Battery & Propellers Included 1280 g

Diagonal Size ( including propellers)  590 mm

Max. Ascent Speed                      5 m/s

Max. Descent Speed                     3 m/s

Hover Accuracy                - Vertical: + / - 0.1 m (when vision positioning is active) or + /- 0.5
                              - Horizontal + /- 1.5 m

Max. Speed                             16 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
Max Altitude Above Sea Level           6000 m
Operating Temperature                  0캜 to 40캜
GPS Mode                               GPS/GLONASS

CAMERA              Sensor Sony EXMOR 1/2.3" Effective pixels: 12.4 M (total pixels: 12.76 M
                    Lens FOV 94 20 mm (35 mm format equivalent) f/2.8, focus at 
                   ISO Range 100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)

                   Shutter Speed       8s -1/8000s

                   Image Max Size 4000 x 3000

                   Still Photography Modes - Single Shot
                                                   - Burst Shooting: 3/5/7 shots
                                                   - Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5
                                                   - Bracketed Frames at 0.7EV Bias
                                                   - Time-lapse

                   Video Recording Modes   - UHD: 4096x2160p 24/25, 3840x2160p 24/25/30
                                           - FHD: 1920x1080p 24/25/30/48/50/60
                                           - HD: 1280x720p 24/25/30/48/50/60

                   Supported SD Card Types - UHD: 4096x2160p 24/25, 3840x2160p 24/25/30
                                                   - FHD: 1920x1080p 24/25/30/48/50/60
                                                   - HD: 1280x720p 24/25/30/48/50/60

                   Max Bit Rate of Video Storage                60 Mbps

                   Supported File Formats         FAT32/exFAT
                                                  Photo: JPEG, DNG
                                                  Video: MP4, MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

                   Operating Temperature                        0캜 to 40캜

GIMBOL             Controllable Range                           Pitch -90 to +30

                   Stabilization                                3-axis (pitch, roll, yaw)

Vison Positioning  Max Velocity        c Less than 8 m/s (when 2 m above ground)
                   Altitude Range      30 cm-300 cm
                   Operating Range     30 cm-300 cm
                      Operating Environment  Surface with clear pattern and adequate lighting (Lux > 15)
Remote Controller Operating Frequency             2.400 GHz-2.483 GHz
                                                  2000m (outdoors and unobstructed)
                              Max Distance

                 Video Output Port           USB

                 Operating Temperature 0캜 to 40캜

                 Battery                     6000 mAh LiPo 2S

                 Mobile Device Holder        For tablet or smart phone

                 Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER) -101 dBm 2 dBm

                 Transmitter Power (EIRP) FCC: 20 dBm

                                             CE: 16 dBm

                 Working Voltage             1.2A@7.4 V

Battery Charger Voltage                      17.4 V

                 Rated Power                 100 W

                 Capacity                    4480 mAh

                 Voltage                     15.2 V

                 Battery Type                LiPo 4S

                 Energy                      64 W

                 Net Weight                  356g

                 Max Flight Time              Approximately 23 minutes
                 Operating Temperature
                                             -10캜 to 40캜

                 Max Charging Power                  100 W
                                                    DJI Pilot
App / Live View  Mobile App                          100 mW
                                             2.4GHz ISM
                 EIRP

Live View Working Frequency

Live View Quality                            720P @ 30fps (depending on conditions and mobile device)

Latency                                      220ms (depending on conditions and mobile device)

Required Operating Systems                   IOS 8.0 or Later

Recommended Devices                          Android 4.1.2 or Later
                                             iOS: iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air
                                             Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular,
                                             iPad Air 2, iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad mini 3, and iPad

                                             mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is optimized for iPhone 5s

                                             , iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus

                                             Android: Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Xperia Z3, Google

                                             Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3, Nubia Z7 mini
                                             *Support for additional Android devices available as
                                            testing and development continues

Phantom 2

The DJI Phantom 2 specifications:               -10 to 50
                                            5.6W
Aircraft operating environment temperature  DJI Intelligent battery
Power consumption                             1000g
Supported Battery                           1300g
Weight (including the battery)                Vertical: 0.8m; Horizontal: 2.5m
Take-off Weight                              200/s
Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)            35
Max Yaw Angular Velocity                      Ascent: 6m/s; Descent: 2m/s
Max Tilt Angle                              15m/s (Not Recommended)
Max Ascent / Descent Speed                  350mm
Max Flight Speed
Wheelbase                                   2.4GHz ISM
2.4GHz Remote Controller Operating              1000m
Frequency
Communication Distance (open area)            (1%PER) -97dBm
Receiver Sensitivity
Working Current/Voltage                         120 mA@3.7V
                                                  3.7V, 2000mAh
Built-in LiPo Battery Working Current/Capacity

DJI Intelligent Battery

Type                           3S LiPo Battery

Capacity                       5200mAh, 11.1V

Charging Environment Range     0 to 40

Discharging Environment Range  -20 to 50

Appendix C
***PDF Files Attached***
3D Robotics SOLO Manual
Phantom 3 Professional Manual
Phantom 2 Manual
