July 9, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11997
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1233

Mr. Russell A Wheeler
Manager, Member, and Founder
Sky Aerial, LLC
5279 Creekside Blvd v-41
Brunswick, Ohio 44212

Dear Mr. Wheeler :

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Sky Aerial, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct film and
photography for the insurance industry..

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, and DJI
Phantom Vision.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sky Aerial, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sky Aerial, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, and DJI Phantom Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Sky Aerial,LLC

5279 Creekside Blvd V-41
Brunswick,Ohio 44212
216-372-4139

U.S Department of Transportation
Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave.,SE
Washington,DC 20590

        Sky Aerial LLC's Petition for Exemption to
Operate a U.A.S.
or Unmanned Aircraft System for photo and or
Filming of structures
in need of inspections for Insurance Companies
and Insurance Repair Companies

Petitioner and Chief Pilot
Sky Aerial,LLC
Attn:Russell A Wheeler

5279 Creekside Blvd v-41
Brunswick,Ohio 44212
216-372-4139
m r h a p p y w h e e l e r @q . m a i l . c o m
Petition Summary

     The proposed exemptions, if passed would

allow Sky Aerial,LLC to operate small unmanned
aircraft equiped with a camera
to take photos and film for Insurance and
Insurance Repair Companies , areas that may be
unstable for Adjusters and Estimators to scope
when inspecting damaged properties

      Sky Aerial,LLC's Unmanned Aircraft Operation
falls in all rules Congress set forth in
Section 333,Additionally the safety achieved by
not putting humans in danger and the amount of
Dollars going to be saved by not paying for the
labor and if god forsaken someone was to get
hurt while doing inspection ,therefor Sky
Aerial,LLC gives the FAA good cause to find the
UAS operations a safer way to scope damaged
unsafe areas and requested exemptions should be

granted.
Background

     Sky Aerial,LLC falls in the Federal Aviation

Regulations for allowing commercial operations
of it Unmanned Aircraft so as long as such
operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be
established by the FAA as required by Section
333.

Sky Aerial,LLC's Operation would operate in the
following matter

        Photo and Film provided by UAS's equiped
with cameras, of structures of residential and
commercial properties damaged by

fire/wind/flood earthquake,hurricane etc.
In the field of insurance this would be a great
help in many ways,safety being the main in my
honest opinion.

        Being in the Insurance field for 23 years
starting as laborer up to carpenter to foreman
to estimator , knowing with age does not get
easier climbing roofs this would be safer way
and would save not only mine but many jobs of
gentleman that are not as agile as once was
therefor Approval of this exemption would
enhance safety and fullfil! the Secretary of
Transportation's responsibilities to establish
requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft systems in the national airspace
system.

By providing safe service at the highest level
and by eliminating possible human disaster, Sky
Aerial,LLC seeks regulatory exemptions that
will allow Sky Aerial LLC to employ UAS
technology in the Insurance Inspection Field.
Statutory Authority

   Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft
Systems, The FAA has committed to complying
with this mandate by granting several
petitions, therefore by Sky Aerial,LLC
following Section 333(b), Rules and Regulations
would hope the FAA would take in concideration
and grant this exemption to Sky Aerial LLC.
Requested Exemptions

    Sky Aerial request relief from the foll owing
 regulations

        Section 61.113
        Section 61.113A
        Section 91.7A

        Section 91.7B2
        Section 91.103B1
        Section 91 . 119C

        Section 91.121
        Section 151A

        Section 91.203
        Section 91.405A
        Section 91.409A1

        Section 91.409A2
        Section 91.417a
        Section 91.417B

    Sky Aerial,LLC proposes to use five UAS's two
DJI PHANTOM 2's equiped with GOPR03's,two DJI
PHANTOM 2 VISION PLUS (built in cameras) and
DJI PHANTOM VISION used for Practice for last
year, These aircraft are the quadcopter type, 4
motors in the x form , all UAS's weigh less
than SSlbs including payload. They operate
under normal conditions at a speed of no more
50 knots and have the ability to hover and move
in the vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. All UAS's are equiped with GPS
and auto return functions .

    Sky Aerial,LLC will only operate in the l ine
of site and will only operate in safe areas to
as not to create hazardous conditions,Sky
Aerial,LLC request that the FAA grant the
requested exemption.
Safety Operations

    Sky Aerial,LLC's UAS's are equiped with
safety mechanisms allowing them to be operated
safely, along with the GPS equiped in every UAS
 , prop guards and are UAS's are equiped with
Flytrex core 1 which records flight parameters
with each flight this acts as a Blackbox
which records flight map,stats for

speed,distance,altitude,ascent and time.
    Sky Aerial,LLC will comply with safety and

procedures included in all applicable UAS
manufaturer's instructions and operating
manuals (provided at the end of the
application.

    Prior to each flight, we will inspect the UAS
and the area of inspection to make sure we are
in a safe zone , the UAS in operation will be
following what rules set forth by the FAA, and
shall not cross those rules set forth to Sky
Aeril,LLC.

   As of yet upon speaking to the FAA there is
no established practical test nor examiners,Sky
Aerial,LLC will conduct these tests in
accordance with its oerations manuals and that
which the FAA has put towards operating a UAS.
 Safety Operations

     Sky Aerial,LLC's UAS's are equiped with
 safety mechanisms allowing them to be operated
 safely, along with the GPS equiped in every UAS
 , prop guards and are UAS's are equiped with
 Flytrex core 1 which records flight parameters
 with each flight this acts as a Blackbox
 which records flight map,stats for
 speed,distance,altitude,ascent and time.

     Sky Aerial,LLC will comply with safety and
 procedures included in all applicable UAS
manufaturer's instructions and operating
manuals (provided at the end of the
 application.

    Prior to each flight, we will inspect the UAS
and the area of inspection to make sure we are
 in a safe zone , the UAS in operation will be
following what rules set forth by the FAA, and
shall not cross those rules set forth to Sky
Aeril,LLC.

    As of yet upon speaking to the FAA there is
no established practical test nor examiners,Sky
Aerial,LLC will conduct these tests in
accordance with its oerations manuals and that
which the FAA has put towards operating a UAS.
Aircaft and operttion safety

    all our UAS's will weigh less than 55lbs
    all flights will be in visual sight of
operator and observer

    flights will be no more than 12 minutes long,
finding that the batteries only hold 25 minutes
of flight time ,which allows plenty of time for
return to starting point

   All batteries in transmitter and reciever
including UAS will be fully charged proir to
each flight

   flight operations will not operate above an
altitude of 400 ft

   Sky Aerial,LLC will only operate in safe
conditions on ground and in air space
    Sky Aerial,LLc will only operate in

conditions set forth by the FAA exemptions
   Sky Aerial,LLc will contact local Building

Departments , Homeowners prior to inspections
for written/verbal permission
Final statement ·

    Sky Aeria~,LLC request that the FAA grant the
ex~tion request.

We at Sky Aeria~,LLC fee~ that Satisfaction 01~
the criteria provided in Section 333 of the
Refor.m Act of 2012 provide more than adiquate
justification fot the grant of the requested
ex~tions a~~owing commercia~ operation o f
app~icants UAS in Insurance Inspections , which
provide a safe way to evauate damage to
propertis in a safer way and to not put humans
in har.ms way,for the foregoing reasons, the
regu~ato~ ex~tions request herin shou~d be
granted and Sky Aeria~,LLC shou~d be per.mitted
to conduct sma~~ UAS operations for the pur.pose
of Insurance Inspections.

Resspe~tfu~~Y submitted~

                         /                    / .' ../ /1

  / ' 4~'=-.· ; /                             {/......b'""'t..-c--.-·/>L - . - - -
               ' c.' ..' J c·.,- vYJ...~J A-

By

ARusse~~  Whee~er

Manager,Member and Founder

Sky Aerial,LLC
                                      ~

                                                                                                            't

                                                                                           }

                                                                                                      l

                                                                         "-

                                                      :)\

                                                                                                                                                                                                ~

                                                 {

                                                                                  ~

                                                                                                                                                                               ~

                                                                                                                         "?

                                              t

                                                                                                                     d\

0 '·

l.:-·J
--..1
N
