September 1, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12689
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1346

Mr. Charles F. Jacques, Jr.
Sky-View Aerial Services LLC
602 Centerton Road
Pittsgrove, NJ 08318

Dear Mr. Jacques:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 16 and July 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Sky-View Aerial Services LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial surveying, mapping, inspection, data collection, and public safety support
operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sky-View Aerial Services LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sky-View Aerial Services LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                         Sky-View  Aerial  Service  LLC  
                                       Charles  F.  Jacques  Jr.  ,  Member  

                                               602  Centerton  Road  
                                               Pittsgrove,  NJ  08318  
                                             Phone:  (609)  315-9997  
                                      Email:  chuckjacques@comcast.net  

                                                              
  
  
April  16,  2015  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  (DOT)  
Docket  Operations,  M-30  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue  SE  
Room  W12-140,  West  Building,  Ground  Floor  
Washington,  DC  20590-0001  
  
Subject:  Request  for  Issuance  of  Exemption  under  Title  14  CFR,  Seciton  333  
  
To  whom  it  May  Concern,  
  
Pursuant   to   Section   333   of   the   FAA   Modernization   and   Reform   Act   of   2012   and   14   CFR   Part  
11,   Sky-View   Aerial   Services   LLC,   and   Charles   Jacques,   it's   sole   member   hereby   appies   for  
exemption  from  certain  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  to  allow  for  the  commercial  operation  of  
small   Unmanned   Aircraft   Systems   (sUAS)   so   long   as   the   proposed   operations   are   conducted  
within   and   under   the   conditions   outlined   herein   or   as   may   be   established   by   the   FAA   as  
required  in  accordance  with  Section  333.  
  
If  granted,  it  is  my  intention  to  engage  in  the  commercial  operation  of  sUAS  in  order  to  offer  
services  to  multiple  industries  including  but  not  limited  to:  
  
-Aerial  surveying  and  mapping  
-Cell  tower  inspections  
-Energy  Systems  inspections  
-Pipeline  inspections  
-Aaerial  data  collection  
-Residential  Real  Estate  sales  presentations  
-Public  safety  support  operations  
  
The   requested   exemption   would   permit   the   operations   of   sUAS   by   the   applicant   under  
controlled   conditions   in   airspace   that   is   1)   limited,   2)   predetermined,   3)   controlled   as   to  
access,   4)   would   provide   safety   and   environmental   enhancements   not   possible   with   larger,  
manned  aircraft,  and  5)  mitigate  the  inherent  risk  associated  with  the  deployment  of  men  and  
women  in  climbing  and  /or  rappelling  operations  as  may  often  times  be  required.    
                                                          -2-  
                                                              

Additionally,  the  applicant  holds  a  private  pilot  certificate  and  a  current  3rd  class  medical  
certificate,  and  has  more  than  3000  hours  of  PIC  time  in  both  single  and  multi-engine  aircraft,  
thereby  demonstrating  an  intimate  understanding  of  how  manned  aircraft  safely  navigate  the  
National  Airspace  System.    
  
Finally,  the  applicant  will  ensure  that  all  flights  will  be  operated  in  class  G  airspace  within  
visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  of  the  pilot  and/or  a  visual  observer  (VO)  under  daytime  VFR  flight  
conditions  as  defined  in  FAR  91.155.    For  flights  in  other  than  class  G  airspace,  the  controlling  
agency  will  be  notified  at  least  24  hours  in  advance,  and,  if  required,  any  necessary  
permission  will  be  obtained.  The  sUAS  will  be  limited  to  a  maximum  altitude  of  400  feet  AGL  
or  100  feet  above  an  elevated  launch  site.    The  applicant  will  keep  the  sUAS  clear  of  and  yield  
the  right  of  way  to  all  manned  operations  and  activities  at  all  times  (including  but  not  limited  
to  ultra  light  crafts,  skydiving  activities,  parasailing  activities,  hang  gliders,  and  hot  air  
balloons.    
  
Name  and  address  of  the  applicant:  
Sky-View  Aerial  Services  LLC  
Charles  F.  Jacques  Jr.,  member  
602  Centerton  Road  
Pittsgrove,  NJ  08318  
Ph:  (609)  315-9997  
Email:  chuckjacques@comcast.net  
  
Regulations  from  which  this  exemption  is  requested:  
-14  CFR  Part  21  Subpart  H  
-14  CFR  Section  45.23(b)  
-14  CFR  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.7(a)  
-14  CFR  Section91.9(b)(2)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.103  
-14  CFR  Section  91.109  
-14  CFR  Section  91.119  
-14  CFR  Section  91.121  
-14  CFR  Section  91.151(a)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.405(a)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.407(a)(1)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.409(a)(1)  and  (2)  
-14  CFR  Section  91.417(a)  and  (b)  
  
Description  of  proposed  sUAS  
The  applicant  proposed  to  utilize  the  Phantom  3  as  manufactured  by  DJI.  The  rotorcraft  
weighs  2.9  pounds  including  the  payload  that  consists  of    a  Sony  camera  sensor.  It  is  operated  
from  the  ground  utilizing  a  remote  controller  operating  at  a  frequency    of  2.400Ghz-2.483Ghz.  
The  maximum  airspeed  is  31  kts.  It  has  a  maximum  ascent  speed  of  985  ft.  per  minute  and  a  
maximum  descent  speed  of    590  ft.  per  minute.  The  Phantom  has  the  ability  to  hover,  and    
move  in  the  vertical  and  horizontal  plane  simultaneously.  It  is  equipped  with  integral  GPS  and      
                                                          -3-  
  
one  touch  auto-return  home  technology.  It  is  also  equipped  with  an  intelligent  battery  which    
will  provide  approximately  23  minutes  of  flight  time,  and  will  cause  the  unit  to  return  to  the  
takeoff  point  upon  detection  of    low  battery  power  or  the  loss  of  connection  with  the  remote  
control  unit.  Please  see  the  manufacturer's  specifications  attached  in  Appendix  "A".  

                    
Safety  
The  following  operating  procedures  will  apply  during  the  sUAS  and  operations  under  this  
exemption  request:  
  

     1. Any  and  all  required  permissions  and  permits  will  be  obtained  from  appropriate  state,  
          county,  or  city  jurisdictions,  including  local  law  enforcement,  fire,  or  other  
          appropriate  governmental  agency.  

  
     2. Approval  will  be  obtained  from  relevant  property  owners  prior  to  an  operation.
      
     3. The  sUAS  to  be  deployed  by  the  applicant  is  the  Phantom  3  by  DJI,  which  has  an  
          operational  weight  of  2.9  pounds.  See  the  complete  specifications  attached  herewith.  
      
     4. The  sUAS  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  will  be  trained  in  advance  for  the  safe  operation  of  
          the  sUAS  to  be  operated.  This  will  include  operation  of  the  sUAS  in  both  normal  and  
          failsafe  modes  of  operation,  and  will  include  familiarization  with  the  operation  
          manual  as  published  by  the  manufacturer  attached  as  Appendix  "C"
                                                              
     5. All  operations  will  be  conducted  :  
                  i. within  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  PIC
                  ii. utilizing  a  visual  observer  (VO)  if  the  sUAS  will  be  flown  beyond  the  line  
                           of  site  of  the  PIC  
                  iii. at  less  than  400  feet  AGL  or  100  feet  above  an  elevated  launch  area  
                  iv. within  class  G  airspace  unless  permission  is  received  at  least  24  hrs.  in  
                           advance  of  the  planned  flight.  
                  v. under  daytime  VFR  conditions  as  defined  by  FAR  91.155.  
                  vi. at  least  5  miles  from  any  airport,  heliport,  or  seaplane  base.

            
     6. If  a  VO  is  required,  two-way  communications  between  the  PIC  and  the  VO  must  be  
          maintained  for  the  duration  of  the  flight.  
      
     7. The   flight   area   of   the   sUAS   will   be   observed   for   best   takeoff   and   landing   locations.  
          Desired   conditions   include   flat   and   level   surfaces   clear   of   debris,   at   least   15'   from  
          power  lines  and  structures,  and  a  minimum  of  12'  from  PIC  and  VO.  
      
     8. The  sUAS  will  be  equipped  with  safety  bumpers,  sold  by  the  manufacturer,  installed  
          around  the  propellers  to  protect  the  propellers,  structures,  and  persons  from  damage  
          and  injury.  

  
       
      
                                                            -4-  

          9. All  batteries  will  be  fully  charged  before  each  flight  and  each  flight  will  be  terminated  
          when  the  battery  has  20%  power  level  remaining.  

       

          10. A  visual  safety  inspection  will  be  conducted  before  each  flight  to  ensure  the  
          airworthiness  of  the  sUAS  in  accordance  with  the  manufacturer's  operating  

          instructions  and  the  open  pilot  preflight  checklist  (see  appendix  "B").This  will  include  
          checking  the  propeller  tightness,  the  security  of  the  bumper  guards,  and  remote  

          controls.  

         11. A  preflight  briefing  will  be  issued  by  the  PIC  to  all  personnel  included  in  the  operation  

          prior  to  launch.  All  personnel  who  will  be  performing  duties  for  the  operation  will  be  

         present  for  the  briefing.  

          12. If   appropriate,   for   the   operation,   the   sUAS   will   utilize   GPS   navigation,   failsafe,   and  
          return-to-home  (RTH)  and/or  flight  abort  safety  features.

  

  
Relief  requested  

Part  21,  Certification  Procedures  for  Products  and  Parts,  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  the  
procedural  requirements  for  issuing  and  changing  design  approvals,  production  approvals,  

airworthiness  certificates,  and  airworthiness  approvals.  

  
The  applicant  requests  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  Part  21,  Subpart  H  and  the  

requirement  for  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  general    

  
Section  45.23(b)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  when  marks  include  only  the  Roman  

capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration  number  is  displayed  on  limited,  restricted,  or  light-sport  
category  aircraft  or  experimental  or  provisionally  certificated  aircraft,  the  operator  must  also  

display  on  that  aircraft  near  each  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  letters  not  

less  than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the  words  "limited,"  "restricted,"  "light-sport,"  
"experimental,"  or  "provisional,"  as  applicable.    

  

Due  to  the  small  size  of  the  sUAS,  the  applicant  requests  an  exception  from  14  CFR  
45.23(b)  that  would  allow  the  sUAS  to  display  the  registration  number  in  letters  and  

numbers  as  large  as  practical  on  it's  fuselage.    
  

Section  61.113(a)  and  (b)  prescribes  that--    

         (a) No  person  who  holds  a  private  pilot  certificate  may  act  as  a  pilot  in  command  (PIC)  

          of  an  aircraft  that  is  carrying  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire;  nor  
          may  that  person,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  PIC  of  an  aircraft.    

  

          (b) A  private  pilot  may,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  PIC  of  an  aircraft  in                       
          connection  with  any  business  or  employment  if--    

  

  
                                                          -5-  
  
      (1)  The  flight  is  only  incidental  to  that  business  or  employment;  and
    
      (2)  The  aircraft  does  not  carry  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire.    

                                                              
Because  the  sUAS  is  incapable  of  carrying  a  pilot  or  passengers,  and  due  to  the  
controlled  area  of  operation,  the  applicant  seeks  an  exemption  from  this  regulation.  
The  applicant  is  the  holder  of  a  private  pilot  certificate.  We  believe  that  the  private  
pilot  certification  coupled  with  appropriate  training  as  outlined  in  the  flight  training  
manual  for  this  sUAS  (attached  in  Appendix  "C")  exceeds  the  level  of  safety  provided  by  
a  single  pilot  holding  a  commercial  pilot's  certificate  operating  in  a  conventional  
aircraft.  

                                                              
Section  91.7(a)  prescribes  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  an  
airworthy  condition.    
  
Given  that  if  this  exemption  is  granted,  there  will  be  no  airworthiness  certificate,  and  
no  standard  exists  for  an  aircraft  of  this  type.  We  propose  to  utilize  the  manufacturer's  
operating  and  maintenance  manual  in  conjunction  with  the  open  pilot  preflight  
checklist  attached  herewith  as  exhibit  "B"  to  assess  the  airworthiness  of  the  sUAS.  
  
Section  91.9(b)(2)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  no  person  may  operate  a  U.S.-registered  
civil  aircraft  unless  there  is  available  in  the  aircraft  a  current  approved  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  
Flight  Manual,  approved  manual  material,  markings,  and  placards,  or  any  combination  
thereof.    
  
Due  to  the  size  and  configuration  of  the  sUAS,  there  is  no  room  or  capacity  to  carry  such  
an  item  on  the  aircraft.  We  propose  maintaining  and  equivalent  level  of  safety  by  
keeping  the  manual  at  the  ground  control  point  where  the  pilot  flying  the  sUAS  will  
have  immediate  access  to  it.  
  
Section  91.103  prescribes  that  each  PIC  shall,  before  beginning  a  flight,  become  familiar  with  
all  available  information  concerning  that  flight,  to  include--    
  

         (a) For  a  flight  under  instrument  flight  rules  (IFR)  or  a  flight  not  in  the  vicinity  of  an  
             airport,  weather  reports  and  forecasts,  fuel  requirements,  alternatives  available  if  
             the  planned  flight  cannot  be  completed,  and  any  known  traffic  delays  of  which  the  
             PIC  has  been  advised  by  air  traffic  control  (ATC);  

  
         (b) For  any  flight,  runway  lengths  at  airports  of  intended  use,  and  the  following  takeoff  
             and  landing  distance  information:  
                                                              
                 (1) For  civil  aircraft  for  which  an  approved  Airplane  or  Rotorcraft  Flight  Manual  
                     containing  takeoff  and  landing  distance  data  is  required,  the  takeoff  and  
                     landing  distance  data  contained  therein;  and    
                   

  
                   
                                                          -6-  

  
                 (2) For  civil  aircraft  other  than  those  specified  in  paragraph  (b)(1)  of  this  
                     section,  other  reliable  information  appropriate  to  the  aircraft,  relating  to  
                     aircraft  performance  under  expected  values  of  airport  elevation  and  runway  
                     slope,  aircraft  gross  weight,  and  wind  and  temperature.  

  
We  request  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  91.103  as  FAA  approved  flight  manuals  will  not  
be  used.  In  the  absence  of  the  flight  manuals,  the  PIC  will  take  all  pre-flight  actions  
including  but  not  limited  to  reviewing  weather,  flight  battery  requirements,  launch  and  
landing  area  assessments,  and  aircraft  performance  data  before  commencing  a  flight.  
  
Section  91.109  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  
(except  a  manned  free  balloon)  that  is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  
fully  functioning  dual  controls.    
  
We  request  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  91.109  as  evidence  is  inconclusive  that  a  person  
with  a  private  pilot  certificate  can  successfully  maneuver  or  trains  someone  in  the  safe  
operation  and  maneuvering  of  a  sUAS  without  first  hand  flight  experience  with  the  
particular  sUAS.  Therefore  the  training  we  will  offer  will  provide  an  equivalent  level  of  
safety.  
  
Section  91.119  prescribes  that,  except  when  necessary  for  takeoff  or  landing,  no  person  may  
operate  an  aircraft  below  the  following  altitudes:    
  
   (a)  Anywhere.  An  altitude  allowing,  if  a  power  unit  fails,  an  emergency  landing  without  
                 undue  hazard  to  persons  or  property  on  the  surface.    
  
   (b)  Over  congested  areas.  Over  any  congested  area  of  a  city,  town,  or  settlement,  or         
                 over  any  open-air  assembly  of  persons,  an  altitude  of  1,000  feet  above  the  highest  
                 obstacle  within  a  horizontal  radius  of  2,000  feet  of  the  aircraft.    
  
   (c)  Over  other  than  congested  areas.  An  altitude  of  500  feet  above  the  surface,  except  
                 over  open  water  or  sparsely  populated  areas.  In  those  cases,  the  aircraft  may  not  be  
                 operated  closer  than  500  feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.    
  
   (d)  Helicopters,  powered  parachutes,  and  weight-shift-control  aircraft.  If  the  operation  
                 is  conducted  without  hazard  to  persons  or  property  on  the  surface--    
  

                  (1) A  helicopter  may  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed  in  
                      paragraph  (b)  or  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  provided  each  person  
                      operating  the  helicopter  complies  with  any  routes  or  altitudes  specifically  
                      prescribed  for  helicopters  by  the  FAA;  and  

                    
                  (2) A  powered  parachute  or  weight-shift-control  aircraft  may  be  operated  at  

                      less  than  the  minimums  prescribed  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section.  
  
  
  

                                                          -7-  
  
We  request  an  exeption  from  14  CFR  91.119  as  we  believe  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  
will  be  achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  and  speed  of  the  sUAS.  No  flights  will  be  taken  
without  proper  notices  given,  and  permission  being  received  from  the  property  
owners,  therefore  adequate  notice  will  be  provided  for  any  individuals  that  may  be  
affected  by  the  operation.  Additionally,  since  there  is  no  flammable  fuel  load,  any  
potential  risk  associated  with  these  operations  is  far  less  than  those  presently  
presented  utilizing  conventional  aircraft  operating  below  500  ft.  AGL.  Finally,  the  low-
altitude  restriction  of  the  sUAS  operations  will  ensure  separation  between  the  sUAS  
and  conventional  aircraft  that  must  comply  with  this  section.
  
Section  91.121  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  shall  
maintain  the  cruising  altitude  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set  when  operating  below  
18,000  feet  mean  sea  level  (MSL)  to  the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  an  appropriate  
altimeter  setting  available  before  departure.    
  
We  request  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  91.121  as  the  sUAS  is  not  equipped  with  a  
barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  outputs  GPS  altitude  data.  An  equivalent  level  of  
safety  will  be  achieved  by  the  PIC  verifying  the  altitude  at  the  launch  site  prior  to  and  
during  the  flight.  
  
Section  91.151(a)  prescribes  that  no  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  visual  
flight  rules  (VFR)  conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  
is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  
speed--  
  

         (1) During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or    
           
         (2) At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes.    
           
We  seek  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  151  as  we  believe  we  can  achieve  an  equivalent  
level  of  safety  by  requiring  an  operation  to  be  terminated  when  the  indicated  battery  
power  reaches  20%.  This  would  provide  more  than  sufficient  time  for  the  sUAS  to  
return  to  it's  planned  landing  zone  from  anywhere  in  the  limited  VSOL  operating  area.  
  
Section  91.203(a)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  
unless  it  has  within  it--    
  
   (1)  An  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate;  and    
  
         (3) An  effective  U.S.  registration  certificate  issued  to  its  owner  or,  for  operation  within                

             the  United  States,  the  second  copy  of  the  Aircraft  Registration  Application  as                                   
             provided  for  in  §  47.31(c).  
  
    
  
                                                          -8-  

  
Section  91.203(b)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  
unless  the  airworthiness  certificate  or  a  special  flight  authorization  issued  under  §  91.715  is  
displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew.    
  
We  request  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  203(a)  and  (b).  Since  the  UAS  weighs  less  than  3  
pounds  carries  no  pilot  or  crew,  and  has  no  cockpit  or  cabin.  We  propose  to  keep  these  
documents  at  the  ground  control  point  where  the  PIC  will  have  immediate  access  to  
them,  to  the  extent  the  are  applicable  to  the  sUAS.    
  
Section  91.405(a)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  each  owner  of  an  aircraft  shall  have  that  
aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall,  between  required    

                                                              
inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  have  discrepancies  repaired  
as  prescribed  in  part  43,  Maintenance,  Preventive  Maintenance,  Rebuilding,  and  Alteration.  

                                                              
Section  91.407(a)(1)  prescribes  that  no  person  may  operate  any  aircraft  that  has  undergone  
maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration  unless  it  has  been  approved  
for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  under  §  43.7  of  this  chapter.    
  
Section  91.409(a)(2)  prescribes,  in  pertinent  part,  that  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  
unless,  within  the  preceding  12  calendar  months,  it  has  had  an  inspection  for  the  issuance  of  
an  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  part  21.    
  
Section  91.417(a)  and  (b)  prescribe,  in  pertinent  part,  that--    
     

         (a) Each  registered  owner  or  operator  shall  keep  the  following  records  for  the  periods  
             specified  in  paragraph  (b)  of  this  section:    

  
                  (1) Records  of  the  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  and  alteration  and  
                      records  of  the  100-hour,  annual,  progressive,  and  other  required  or  
                      approved  inspections,  as  appropriate,  for  each  aircraft  (including  the  
                      airframe)  and  each  engine,  propeller,  rotor,  and  appliance  of  an  aircraft.    
                    
                    The  records  must  include--    

  
                           (i) A  description  (or  reference  to  data  acceptable  to  the  
                                    Administrator)  of  the  work  performed;  and    

  
                           (ii) The  date  of  completion  of  the  work  performed;  and    

  
                           (iii) The  signature  and  certificate  number  of  the  person  approving  the  
                                    aircraft  for  return  to  service.  

  
      (2)  Records  containing  the  following  information:    
  
                                                          -9-  
                             
                           (i) The  total  time  in  service  of  the  airframe,  each  engine,  each  

                                    propeller,  and  each  rotor.    
  

                           (ii) The  current  status  of  life-limited  parts  of  each  airframe,  engine,  
                                    propeller,  rotor,  and  appliance.    

  
                           (iii) The  time  since  last  overhaul  of  all  items  installed  on  the  aircraft  
                                    that  are  required  to  be  overhauled  on  a  specified  time  basis.  

  
                           (iv) The   current   inspection   status   of   the   aircraft,   including   the   time  
                                    since   last   inspection   required   by   the   inspection   program   under  
                                    which  the  aircraft  and  its  appliances  are  maintained.  
                                                              
                           (v) The  current  status  of  applicable  airworthiness  directives  (AD)  
                                    and  safety  directives  including,  for  each,  the  method  of  
                                    compliance,  the  AD  or  safety  directive  number  and  revision  date.  
                                    If  the  AD  or  safety  directive  involves  recurring  action,  the  time  
                                    and  date  when  the  next  action  is  required.  

  
                           (vi) Copies  of  the  forms  prescribed  by  §43.9(d)  for  each  major  
                                    alteration  to  the  airframe  and  currently  installed  engines,  rotors,  
                                    propellers,  and  appliances.  

  
         (b) The  owner  or  operator  shall  retain  the  following  records  for  the  periods  
             prescribed:  

  
                  (1) The  records  specified  in  paragraph  (a)(1)  of  this  section  shall  be  retained  
                      until  the  work  is  repeated  or  superseded  by  other  work  or  for  1  year  after  
                      the  work  is  performed.  
                    
                  (2) The   records   specified   in   paragraph   (a)(2)   of   this   section   shall   be   retained  
                      and  transferred  at  the  time  the  aircraft  is  sold.  
                                                              
                  (3) A  list  of  defects  furnished  to  a  registered  owner  or  operator  under  §  43.11  of  
                      this  chapter  shall  be  retained  until  the  defects  are  repaired  and  the  aircraft  
                      is  approved  for  return  to  service.  

  
We   request   an   exemption   from   14   CFR   91.405(a),   91.407(a)(1),   91.409(A)(2),   and  
91.417(a)   and   (b)   as   we   believe   these   sections   apply   only   to   aircraft   with   an  
airworthiness   certificate.   The   applicant   will   meet   all   maintenance   requirements   as  
prescribed   by   the   manufacturer   in   accordance   with   the   operating   manual.   This   will  
provide   an   equivalent   level   of   safety   given   the   small   size   of   the   sUAS,   the   proximity   to  
the  PIC  during  flight,  the  short  duration  of  flights  and  the  low  altitude.    
     
                                                          -10-  
  
In  the  event  of  a  mechanical  issue,  the  sUAS  can  land  immediately.  The  PIC  will  ensure  
the   sUAS   is   in   proper   working   order   prior   to   initiating   flight,   perform   all   required  
maintenance,  and  keep  a  log  of  any  maintenance  performed.        
  
  
  
Attachments:  
  
-Appendix  "A"  DJI  Phantom  3  Series  Specifications  
  
-Appendix  "B"  Open  Pilot  Preflight  Checklist  
  
-Appendix  "C"  DJI  Phantom  Pilot  Training  Guide  
  
     
  
                                        Sky-View  Aerial  Services  LLC  
                                       Charles  F.  Jacques  Jr.  ,  Member  
                                               602  Centerton  Road  
                                               Pittsgrove,  NJ  08318  
                                             Phone:  (609)  315-9997  

                                      Email:  chuckjacques@comcast.net  
                                                              

  
  
July  7,  2015  
  
  
Ms.  Brenda  Robeson  
Program  Analyst,  Aircraft  and  Airport  Rules  Division  
Federal  Aviation  Administration  
800  Independence  Ave,  SW  
Washington,  D.  C.  20591  
  
  
Subject:  Sky-View  Aerial  Services,  LLC  Public  Docket  No.  FAA-2015-1346  
         Supplemental  Information    
  
Dear  Ms.  Robeson,  
  
In  response  to  your  letter  dated  July  1,  2015,  I  respectfully  submit  the  additional  information  
you've  requested  in  order  to  comply  with  the  requirements  of  14  CFR  §11.81.    In  your  letter,  
you  requested  that  I  specifically  address  the  following:  
  
-The  reasons  why  granting  the  request  would  be  in  the  public  interest;  that  is,  how  it  would    
  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole.  
  
-Any  additional  information,  views,  or  arguments  available  to  support  your  request.  
  
I  trust  you  will  find  these  attachments  sufficient  to  reconsider  my  petition.    
  
Respectfully  submitted;  
  
  
Charles  Jacques  Jr.  
     

   1  
  
                                        Sky-View  Aerial  Services  LLC  
                                                              

   
 Public  Interest:  
   
 Given  the  small  size  of  the  UA  involved  and  the  limited  environment  within  which  it  will  
 operate,  its  proposed  operation  "falls  squarely  within  that  zone  of  safety  (an  equivalent  
 level  of  safety)  in  which  Congress  envisioned  that  the  FAA  must,  by  exemption,  allow  
 commercial  operations  of  UAS  to  commence  immediately."    Also  because  of  the  size  of  the  
 UA  and  the  restricted  areas  in  which  the  sUAS  will  operate,  the  petitioner  asserts  approval  
 of  the  application  presents  no  national  security  issue.  Additionally,  the  ability  to  conduct  
 the  types  of  missions  outlined  in  the  Sky-View  petition  by  a  craft  significantly  smaller  that  a  
 manned  aircraft  and  carrying  no  passengers,  crew  or  flammable  fuel  significantly  enhances  
 safety  to  the  general  public  as  well  as  those  involved  with  the  mission.    
   
 Granting  the  requested  exemptions  is  in  the  public  interest  because  of  (1)  the  clear  
 direction  in  section  333  of  Public  Law  112­95,  (2)  the  strong  equivalent  level  of  safety  
 surrounding  the  proposed  operations,  and  (3)  the  significant  public  benefit,  including  
 enhanced  safety  and  reduction  in  environmental  impacts  (such  as  reduced  emissions  
 associated  with  allowing  sUAS  for  photography  and  inspection  operations).  
   
 Additional  consideration:  
   
 The  FAA  has  set  precedence  in  granting  petitions  to  other  entities  that  propose  to  engage  
 in  the  same  or  similar  types  of  activities  under  essentially  the  same  operating  parameters.  
 Below  is  a  list  of  exemptions    granted  which  we  believe  engage  in  operations  similar  to  
 those  we  propose.  
   
 -11062  Astraeus  Aerial  
 -11109  Clayco  Inc.  
 -11112  VDOS  Global  
 -11213  Aeryon  Labs,  Inc.  
 -11969  HighGround  Images,  LLC  
 -11941  soaring  Sky,  LLC  
 -11940  Aerial  Associates  Photography,  Inc.  
 -11947  Daniel  C.  Augspurger  
  
  

  

   2  
