May 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11604
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0514

Mr. Richard F. Soto
Sky Guardian LLC
P.O. Box 1074
Bisbee, AZ 85603

Dear Mr. Soto:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Sky Guardian LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
acquisitions and research over certain populated and rural areas of the United States.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sky Guardian LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Sky Guardian LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                          UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
    DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                                    WASHINGTON, DC

                                        Regulatory Docket No: _______________

   IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF: SKY GUARDIAN LLC FOR AN
 EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF

   FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(a) &(b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL OPERATION

 OF THE PHANTOM 2 UASUNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
           THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                                                Submitted on February 25, 2015
                                                                                                             RICHARD F. SOTO

                                                                                                          SKY GUARDIAN LLC
                                                                                                                    P.O. BOX 1074

                                                                                                           Bisbee, Arizona 85603
                                                                                                              Tel: (520) 236-6312

                                                                                                                              Page 1 of 41
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS ............................................................................... . 3
SUMMARY ..................................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER ....................................................... ..4
BACKGROUND ..........................................................................................................................5
BASIS FOR PETITION ........................................................................................................... ...8
NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER ..............................................................................11
THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH SKY GUARDIAN LLC SEEKS EXEMPTION
......................................................................................................................................................11
THE EXTENT OF RELIEF SKY GUARDIAN LLC SEEKS AND THE REASON SKY GUARDIAN LLC
SEEKS THE RELIEF ..................................................................................................................12
THE REASONS WHY GRANTING SKY GUARDIAN LLC SERVICES" REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
PUBLIC INTEREST ..................................................................................................................................
19 THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
AFFECT SAFETY
.......................................................................................................................................................22
SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...........................39
CONCLUSION ............................................................................................................................40
ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT SKY
GUARDIAN LLC SERVICES" REQUEST
...................................................................................ATTACHMENTS

                                                                                                                              Page 2 of 41
                                           GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AGL Above Ground Level
AOI Area of Interest
ATC Air Traffic Control
ATO Air Traffic Organization AV Aerial Vehicle
C.F.R. Code of Federal Regulations
COA Certificate of Authorization FAA Federal Aviation Administration FAR Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS Ground Control Station
GPS Global Positioning System
LOL Loss of Link
NAS National Airspace System
NOTAM Notice to Airman
PIC Pilot In Command
Section 333 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
SOP Standard Operating Procedures
UA Unmanned Aircraft UAS Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR Visual Flight Rules
VLOS Visual Line of Site
VMC Visual Meteorological Conditions
VO Visual Observer
VTOL Vertical Takeoff and Landing

                                                                                                                              Page 3 of 41
                                                            SUMMARY

   Sky Guardian seeks exemption from the requirements of Part 21; and 14 C.F.R §§ 45.23(b); §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)2; 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a) and (b), 91.203(a)
& (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409 (a)(1) & (a) (2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA).
This exemption will permit Sky Guardian LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for
the commercial purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over certain populated and
rural areas of the United States.

                            INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER

  Sky Guardian LLC is an unmanned aircraft solutions provider that integrates UAS services that
enable the UAS technology for federal, state, local, and commercial clients. Sky Guardian LLC is
focused on providing solutions for utilizing unmanned aircraft to safely and efficiently collect data that
is precise, accurate, and timely.

   Sky Guardian LLC' s mission is to use unmanned aircraft to simplify and increase the
effectiveness of data collection in: Natural Resources and Conservation, Construction and
Infrastructure, Precision Agriculture, Mining Industry, Inspection, Monitoring and to provide the Film
and Real Estate industries with augmented Video and Film Services.
 As set forth in this Petition, Sky Guardian LLC seeks to commercially operate its Phantom 2 UAS
over certain populated and rural areas of the United States for the purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions and research.

                                                                                                                              Page 4 of 41
                                                        BACKGROUND
                                 Unmanned Aircraft System: DLSR Pros Phantom 2

  Sky Guardian LLC seeks an exemption to operate the Sky Guardian Phantom 2 UAS for
compensation or hire within the National Airspace System (" NAS" ). The Phantom 2 is the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision +. The inherent safety features, sophistication, programmability, GPS navigation,
return home capability, airport vicinity no-fly feature and restricted altitude feature, as well as
differentiating radio frequency (rf) for aircraft controller/receiver and for the camera make this a much
safer UAV for the purposes of this petition. This is a hobby grade radio controlled UAV that has the
capacity for software upgrades. It is light, less than 3 pounds including battery and camera.
Incorporated into the programming of the Phantom is an automatic return home feature that
automatically directs the craft back to point of takeoff should communication with the transmitter be
lost. The Phantom has a cruising speed of 15 knots, with a maximum speed of 29 knots. Maximum
flight time is 25 minutes. Gross weight is approximately 3 pounds. The Phantom has an additional
communication link between the camera and craft on a different rf for a smart phone connection.
Allowing the operator or Pilot In Command (PIC) to monitor battery level, altitude (AGL), distance
from PIC, camera imagery, and control camera angle.

  The software for the Phantom allows the operator or PIC to set maximum altitude AGL for each
flight, allowing customization of flights to no higher than 100 feet, 150 feet, or 250 feet AGL as
examples. The 400 foot maximum AGL can be programmed into the UAV's software pre-flight to
insure compliance with FAA standards. Adding to the safety capabilities of this UAV. This UAV is
programmed to remain in position when controls are released. Maintaining altitude and GPS location.

                                                                                                                              Page 5 of 41
  The Phantom has an altitude and radar monitoring function that allows the operator more precise
determination of height, direction of flight and distance from the operator PIC. The operator or PIC
can monitor GPS lock status while UAV is in flight, with the ability to anticipate loss of GPS locking so
the operator or PIC can land the UAV as a precaution. Best explanation of the Phantom's
sophistication and capabilities can be observed through a video explanation of an earlier model that
was predecessor to the Phantom 2 Vision + through link http://youtu.be/3mqj-WBRKmE. The
Phantom 2 Vision + maintains all capabilities defined in the video.

  The DJI Phantom 2 Vision +'s 2.4 ghz transmitter/controller/receiver rf for managing flight with a
5.8 ghz rf transmitter/receiver for video/photography functions eliminates the rf conflict experienced
with the Blade 350 QX, and is by far the safer of the two when considering public and NAS safety.
Considering the programmability and safety features of this UAV (Phantom 2 Vision +), it serves as
the best option to protect the Public and NAS for the purposes of this petition.

 Similarities, Distinctions and Differences Though the petition of Astraeus Aerial (FAA-2014-0352),
referred hereafter as the Astraeus Petition and or Petitioner Astraeus, has numerous similarities to
that of Sky Guardian LLC, referred hereafter as the Sky Guardian LLC, there are some distinct and
substantial differences. Like the Astraeus Petition, the Sky Guardian LLC is for UAV operation
without pilot, passengers nor property on board. Considering that the Phantom UAV is a
sophisticated hobby grade quad-copter with gross weight less than 3 pounds
 Aerial video/photography operations for private property owner's aide with an enhanced perspective
for characteristics, amenities, and benefits a private property that cannot be displayed through
ground level video/photography.

  Sky Guardian LLC is using a UAV that has the capability for taking off and landing at a single point,
identical to a helicopter. There are no runways, aided take off apparatuses, nor routes that need to
be flown to areas being aerial video recorded or photographed, allowing a reduced and more
confined area of flight.

                                                                                                                              Page 6 of 41
  The Astraeus Petition is for movie sets involving a significant number of people, non-aerial
equipment, moving or action sequences, and a potentially broad geographical area where individuals
and equipment may be in motion. Requiring extensive observation, awareness, coordination, and
safety precautions. The Sky Guardian LLC request for populated areas is for video/photography of
stationary objects requiring briefer periods for recording in a tightly confined area. The stationary
setting of objects poses significantly lower risks for safety, allowing the operator or Pilot In Command
(PIC) to focus primarily on stationary objects for shorter periods of time. With the movie action
scenes, numerous takes may require repeated flights, whereas a stationary object would in most
cases require a single flight.

  Homeowner written consent for aerial video/photography shall be obtained prior to flight. Signs will
be posted cautioning anyone within the vicinity to remain back a minimum of 200 feet. Observer(s) to
assist and warn/advise the PIC will be utilized in situations where spectators may be within 500 feet
of the flight area. The UAVs utilized in this petition are hobby grade quad-copters that do not require
an airman certificate for non-commercial flight involving less restrictive less regulated flight.

   The motors, rotors, propellers, body/frame, landing pads, etc. for the UAV's utilized in this
petition are not complicated. Engineering and design allows layman maintenance. Recording part
replacement for this UAV may prove redundant due to the simplicity of the craft.

  Sky Guardian LLC requests modification, waiver or exemption and clarification (within reason)
concerning section 91.119 prohibition of flight in congested areas. Such restriction puts homeowners
in subdivisions at a disadvantage by limiting enhanced marketing of their homes; thereby
discriminating against them. Vertical takeoff and landing while video recording or photographing a
home can allow an enhanced perspective for view or proximity of mountains, golf course, manmade
lake or other attractions not possible through ground level video recording or photography. Sky
Guardian LLC requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and responsible aerial
video/photography in congested areas of subdivisions and neighborhoods. Sky Guardian LLC
requests a maximum height of 300 feet AGL.

                                                                                                                              Page 7 of 41
   In compliance with Section 90.151 (a) & (b) the Phantom is a battery operated UAV/UAS with
battery level monitoring capability. Fully charged battery flight time is rated at 25 minutes, with
videos/photos taking much less time to record. Operator or PIC is warned when battery level is low.

  Sky Guardian LLC requests waiver/exemption from Section 91.203 (a) &(b) since the Phantom is a
hobby grade UAV/UAS that should not require an airworthiness certificate or a registration certificate.
Posting of special flight authorization would not be possible since the Phantom has no cabin and is
not large enough to carry a certificate. However, a special flight authorization can be maintained by
the operator to make available upon request.

   The Phantom 2 UAV's that will be operated by Sky Guardian LLC will and marked in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 45.2 Identification and Registration Marking. The Phantom 2 will be marked in
the largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental" on its fuselage as required by. §
45.29(f)

                                                    BASIS FOR PETITION
   Petitioner, Sky Guardian LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations
(14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Special
Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to operate the
Phantom 2 UAS in the NAS, and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a),& (b) 91.203(a)
& (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                                              Page 8 of 41
  In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Sky Guardian LLCs operation of the Phantom 2 UAS meets the
conditions of Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

    Accordingly, Sky Guardian LLC requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth requirements for
maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

    Sky Guardian LLC submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety
will be ensured. Sky Guardian LLC, will use their Operators to perform maintenance, alterations, or
preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer' s maintenance manual, Owners Operations Manual, Sky Guardian LLC Risk
Management forms. Furthermore, Sky Guardian LLC will document and maintain all maintenance
records for the Phantom 2 UAS.

  Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and
limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by Sky Guardian LLC to the extent necessary to allow a
Pilot in Command (PIC) that has completed a certified ground school and has up to 8 hours of dual
flight time with a Certified Flight Instructor or holds a Basic Ground or Advanced Ground Instructors
certification, or holds a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate or above,
and who has completed the Phantom 2 UAS training, provided by Sky Guardian LLC and currency
requirements which will consist of 3 three (20 minutes) missions every 6 months in a training
environment, to conduct the proposed UAS operations. Sky Guardian LLC submits that the
conditions and limitations set forth herein will ensure the safety of the NAS, as well as the safety of
persons or property on the ground.

                                                                                                                              Page 9 of 41
   It is noted that there are many groups and agencies that are requiring the operators to hold a pilot
certificate and medical certificate. We submit that since the 1970s the FAA has not required anyone
to maintain a Pilot License to operate an ultralight 1 place aircraft.

Under section 103 Certification and registration
(a) Notwithstanding any other section pertaining to certification of aircraft or their parts or equipment,
ultralight vehicles and their component parts and equipment are not required to meet the
airworthiness certification standards specified for aircraft or to have certificates of airworthiness.
(b) Notwithstanding any other section pertaining to airman certification, operators of ultralight
vehicles are not required to meet any aeronautical knowledge, age or experience requirements to
operate those vehicles or to have airman or medical certificates.

( C ) Notwithstanding any other section pertaining to registration and marking of aircraft,
ultralight vehicles are not required to be registered or to bear markings of any type. Under
section 107.7 Certification and Registration

   (a) In addition for many years the FAA has not required operators who fly RC controlled airplanes
and helicopters to have any certifications. Many of these operators have not received any Airman
Knowledge training. Sky Guardian LLC operators will have attended a certified ground school giving
them the basic Airman knowledge required to conduct flight operations

  Sky Guardian LLC seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled civil aircraft airworthiness, because
the Phantom 2 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H. As such, Sky Guardian LLC submits that it will ensure that the Phantom 2 UAS is in
an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the
Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual, and the Phantom 2 UAS Maintenance Manual, and that the UA is
in condition for safe flight.

                                                                                                                            Page 10 of 41
   Sky Guardian LLC also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled
Altimeter Settings, as the Phantom 2 UAS is equipped with Global Positioning Systems (GPS)
equipment, which ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each
flight. The Phantom 2 UAS GPS equipment ensure safety by providing the PIC with adequate
information concerning altitude of the UA, above ground level (AGL), as shown on the heads-up
display of the GCS.

  Additionally, Sky Guardian LLC seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section
91.151 (a) and (b), Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Sky Guardian LLC submits that
safety will not be affected by terminating flights of the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS after 20
minutes of continuous flight, which would allow for five minutes (i.e., 20 percent) of battery power
remaining. Flights over populated areas would last from anywhere between 10 and 20 minutes.

   In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Sky Guardian LLC provides the following information
in support of its petition for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner is:

Sky Guardian LLC
P.O. Box 1074 Bisbee, Arizona 85603

The point of contact for this Petition and specific contact information is as follows:

Richard F. Soto
Sky Guardian LLC
P.O. Box 1074
Bisbee, Arizona 85603 Tel: (520) 236-6312

Email: rsoto@Airspaceguardian.com

                                                                                                                            Page 11 of 41
B. The Specific Sections of 14 C.F.R. From Which Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption.
 1. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) and (b).
Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in part:
(a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of an aircraft
that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for
compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any
business or employment if--

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

 2. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements of Section 91.7(a).

 Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the following:
(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
(b) Prescribes that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for determining whether that
aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall discontinue the flight when un-airworthy
mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.

                                                                                                                            Page 12 of 41
 3. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.

Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in relevant part:
(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of that aircraft,
as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--

(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles of
the aircraft;

(ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current
reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or

(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure;
 4. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b).
 Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (a) & (b), states
the following:
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and
forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.
5. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section 91.405(a).
 Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following: Each
owner or operator of an aircraft--

                                                                                                                            Page 13 of 41
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.

6. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1).

 Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or
alteration, subsection (a) (1), states the following:
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration unless-
(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this chapter.

 7. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.409(a)(1) And
91.409(a)(2).

 Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft unless,
within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for return
to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter; or

(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this
chapter.

8. Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a) &
91.417(b).

 Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the following:
(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered owner or
operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b)
of this section:
(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the 100-hour,
annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft

                                                                                                                            Page 14 of 41
(including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records
must include--
(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed; and
(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to service.

(2) Records containing the following information:
(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.
(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection required
by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                                                                                                                            Page 15 of 41
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives including, for each, the
method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and
currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is repeated or
superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred with the aircraft at
the time the aircraft is sold.
(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this chapter shall be retained
until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
C. The Extent Of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks The
Relief.

 1. Extent of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Relief From
Section 61.113(a) And (b).

  Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC who has completed an approved
ground school with a passing grade and has completed no less than eight hours of dual flight hours
or has a current BGI or AGI certification or who is holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class
airman medical certificate, and who has completed the Phantom 2 UAS training and currency
requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation.

  This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a
private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business
or employment if (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft
does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

                                                                                                                            Page 16 of 41
 As set forth more fully below, Sky Guardian LLC submits that an equivalent level of safety will be
maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Phantom 2 UAS unless that PIC has
demonstrated, Airman' s Knowledge through attendance of a certified ground school, and the
Phantom 2 UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
Phantom 2 UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as described in this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

 2. Extent of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Relief From
Section 91.7(a).
 Relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent required to
allow Sky Guardian LLC to determine that the Phantom 2 UAS is in an airworthy condition prior to
every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual,
and the Phantom 2 UAS Maintenance Manual, and that the UAS is in condition for safe flight.

 Sky Guardian LLC seeks the requested relief because the Phantom 2 UAS does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, Sky Guardian
LLC will ensure that the Phantom 2 UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon its compliance with
the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

 3. Extent of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Relief From
Section 91.121.
 Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight operations of
the Phantom 2 UAS, which utilizes GPS equipment, to ensure that a ground level pressure setting
will be established prior to each flight, in order to report altitude to the PIC. Sky Guardian LLC seeks
the requested relief because the Phantom 2 UAS does not utilize a typical barometric altimeter
onboard that may be set as contemplated by Section

                                                                                                                            Page 17 of 41
91.121. As more fully set forth below, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the
Phantom 2 UAS is equipped with GPS equipment, which will ensure that a ground level pressure
setting will be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the
UA, above ground level (AGL), on the heads-up display of the ground control station (GCS).

 4. Extent Of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Relief From
Section 91.151(b).

 Relief from Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel Requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested
to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS, during daylight hours
in visual meteorological conditions under visual flight rules (VFR), to continue for a total duration of
20 minutes, which will ensure that the UA will land with five minutes (i.e., 20 percent) of battery
power remaining. Sky Guardian LLC seeks the requested relief, because without an exemption from
Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS will severely
constrain the practicality of any aerial acquisition and research flight operations which Sky Guardian
LLC proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.
 Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the Phantom 2 UAS, Owners
Operations and Maintenance Manual, and Sky Guardian LLC Services' proposed operating
limitations, ensure that Sky Guardian LLC will safely operate the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS
during daylight hours in VFR conditions for a total flight duration of 20 minutes, landing with five
minutes (i.e., 20 percent) of battery power remaining.

 5. Extent Of Relief Sky Guardian LLC Seeks And The Reason Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Relief From
Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

 Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to
 aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Sky Guardian LLC requests relief from these Sections
 because the Phantom 2 UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate. As set forth more fully
 below, the Phantom 2 UAS meets the conditions of Section 333 of the FMRA for operation without
 an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Sky Guardian LLC, will use Sky Guardian LLC operators to
 perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
 techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer' s maintenance manual. Furthermore, Sky
 Guardian LLC will document and maintain all maintenance records for the Phantom 2 UAS.

                                                                                                                            Page 18 of 41
D. The Reasons Why Granting Sky Guardian LLC Services" Request Would Be In The Public
Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
 Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Sky Guardian LLC to safely,
efficiently, and economically perform aerial acquisitions and research over rural and populated areas
of the United States, commercially, in support of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies,
wildlife monitoring, forestry operations, and the oil, gas, and mining industries. Additionally, use of the
Phantom 2 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant
benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of Sky Guardian LLC' s proposed operation of the
Phantom 2 UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

  1. The Public Will Benefit From The Aerial Acquisition And Research Performed.
 Sky Guardian LLC submits this Petition to commercially operate the Phantom 2 UAS and perform
aerial acquisition and research throughout rural and populated areas of the United States, in support
of government entities, agriculture, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, forestry operations, mining,
and the oil and gas industries. The Phantom 2 UAS will provide safe, efficient, and economical aerial
acquisition and research operations to further each of these fields, all of which are critical to the well-
being of the general public.

  The specific operations that Sky Guardian LLC will perform with the Phantom 2 UAS demonstrate
 how the requested exemption will directly benefit the above-referenced industries and the public. In
 agriculture, the aerial acquisition performed by the Phantom 2 UAS will be used to predict and
 increase crop yields, as well as research for the prevention of crop disease. In the oil, gas and
 mining industry, the Phantom 2 UAS will be used to aid in facility inspections, survey and plan new
 worksites, conduct volumetric analysis, and perform right of way analysis. The Phantom 2 UAS will
 also further environmental management by researching invasive species, mapping deforestation,
 and surveying point source pollution.

                                                                                                                            Page 19 of 41
 2. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
 The Phantom 2 UAS is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical alternative
to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of
manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a Phantom 2
UAS would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well
as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground.
 Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around
airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The Phantom 2 UAS does not
require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial survey
missions would result in fewer aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground,
takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

 3. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The Phantom 2 UAS.
  Conducting aerial acquisitions with the Phantom 2 UAS, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly
benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated during
traditional aerial survey flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the Phantom
2 UAS produces no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to
the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are typically utilized for
aerial acquisitions, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The
Phantom 2 UAS, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also reduces noise
pollution, as the UA is propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal
combustion engine.

                                                                                                                            Page 20 of 41
 By using the Phantom 2 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property
in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight
operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew
members located onboard the aircraft, the Phantom 2 UAS (weighing approximately 3 pounds at its
maximum gross weight, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage
to life and property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically
conduct aerial acquisitions (weighing approximately 6,500 pounds with a wingspan of approximately
40 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

  4. Performing Aerial Acquisition Operations With The Phantom 2 UAS Will Benefit The
Economy.
 In addition to being safe and efficient, the Phantom 2 UAS is also an economical alternative to using
manned aircraft to conduct aerial acquisitions. As such, operation of the Phantom 2 UAS will allow
United States based companies, like Sky Guardian LLC, to remain competitive and contribute to
growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental
Protection Agency (" EPA" ) regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and
operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to remain competitive.
Operating the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS is one such technology that not only allows
companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility
without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft. By operating the Phantom 2 UAS,
companies such as Sky Guardian LLC can remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide
greater job stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the
U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the
Phantom 2 UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local,
state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in
order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

                                                                                                                            Page 21 of 41
5. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for decades, Sky
Guardian LLC' s proposed operation of the Phantom 2 UAS will not implicate any privacy issues.
Specifically, the Phantom 2 UAS will be operated only in rural areas, and in accordance with all
Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
Most significantly, the Phantom 2 UAS will not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle, or structure, which is not directly involved in the operation.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The
Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From
Which Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption.
 1. Reasons Why The Phantom 2 UAS Meets The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.
 In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Sky Guardian LLC' s operation of the Phantom 2 UAS meets
the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance
with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

 Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and sets
forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the
following, in part:

                                                                                                                            Page 22 of 41
(a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than 180 days
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of
the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by section 334
of this Act.

(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under subsection (a),
the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of
sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
national security; and

(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under
section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft
systems identified under paragraph (1).

(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall
establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system.

 In seeking this exemption, Sky Guardian LLC submits that the Phantom 2 UAS can operate safely in
the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the Phantom
2 UAS; (b) the pilot training requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

                                                                                                                            Page 23 of 41
 a. The Specifications Of The Phantom 2 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.

 The Phantom 2 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose
a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.

  ii. The Phantom 2 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To Remain
Within A Defined Operational Area.
 A complete description of the autonomous modes and methods of navigation for the Phantom 2
UAS is provided in the Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual. A copy of the Phantom 2 UAS Operator
manual is contained in this request.

 iii. The Phantom 2 UAS Is Designed For Complete Autonomy From Launch To Landing Even In
The Unlikely Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

 Although a degradation or loss of the control link, and/or degradation or loss of the source of
navigation is unlikely, it is a situation that is well planned for and therefore, is a benign event. The
Phantom 2 UAS is designed for complete autonomy from launch to landing with a line of sight
operator in the loop monitoring the airframe.
 The Phantom 2 UAS uses a two-stage failsafe approach for all avionics failure conditions, including
the event of a loss of communications ("Lost Link"). Upon loss of the communication signal, the
Phantom 2 UAS will attempt to reacquire the link. If after 10 seconds the link has not been
reacquired, the Phantom 2 UAS will continue to attempt to reacquire the link while maintaining the
current altitude and navigating to the home waypoint, which is the same as the location of the ground
control station. Once at the home waypoint, the Phantom 2 UAS will hover while continuing its
attempt to reacquire the link for 30 seconds (to allow for rebooting of the ground control station, if
needed). The Phantom 2 UAS will then continue to attempt to re-acquire the link while it navigates
through the landing procedure.

 The landing procedure for Lost Link is identical to a normal landing procedure. The Phantom 2
UAS will enter into a hover-land procedure; descending while reducing speed until contact with
the ground. During this decent and touchdown, the Phantom 2 UAS will remain in controlled flight.

 Loss of GPS signal will result in a two-tiered recovery approach. Upon loss of a GPS signal, the
Phantom 2 UAS will immediately hover in an attempt to reacquire a signal. If after 15 seconds, a
GPS signal is not reacquired, the UA will enter tier-two recovery. At any time during either tier-one
or tier-two recovery, the operator can take over with augmented control and utilize its onboard

                                                                                                                            Page 24 of 41
magnetometer to navigate back to the home waypoint through dead-reckoning. During this failure
mode, the observer will call out UA position and movement back to the operator. Once the UA is
close enough to resolve orientation, or if operating with a live video payload, the operator can
engage manual control and perform a manual landing at the pre-decided landing site.

 If a cascade of failures has occurred and Lost-Link has also occurred during tier-two recovery,
the Phantom 2 UAS will enter into a hover-land procedure; descending while reducing speed until
contacting the ground. Throughout this decent and touchdown, the Phantom 2 UAS will remain in
controlled flight.

 The Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual fully describes the features of the Phantom 2 UAS, and sets
forth the UA' s operation in the event of a power loss, loss of communications, loss of GPS signal,
loss of video link, or software crash. A copy of Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual is included in this
application

  iv. The Phantom 2 UAS Ground Control Station And Its Operation.
 The Phantom 2 UAS Ground Control Station is identical to the GCS utilized by the Sky Guardian
LLC Phantom 2 UAS, which has been granted exemptions to operate commercially in the NAS. See
Exemption Nos. 11111 and 11114. A complete description of the operation and specifications of the
ground control station (GCS) and flight control software for the Phantom 2 UAS is provided in the
Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual. A complete overview of the features and operation of the GCS
software is provided at Chapter 7.

   v. Safe Mobile Operation Of The Phantom 2 UAS.
 The Phantom 2 UAS may be safely operated by a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) and safety
observer co-located with a GCS on a mobile vehicle or watercraft, in order to efficiently perform
aerial acquisition operations of large areas. As set forth in the Airspace Operations Manual and
Systems Operations Manual, additional limitations and requirements apply to mobile operations
of the Phantom 2 UAS, including the following:

                                                                                                                            Page 25 of 41
 The driver/operator of the mobile vehicle must be licensed and fully understand his/her role in the
operation.

The mobile vehicle must be organized and clear of any unnecessary debris prior to the
operation.
Equipment and personnel positioning within the vehicle must be predetermined and agreed upon by
the team. Each team member must use appropriate safety restraint equipment, and such equipment
should not interfere with safe flight.

The PIC must have ready communication with the driver/operator of the mobile vehicle, as well as
the safety observer.

GCS software must be configured for constant updating of GCS position on the map overlay,
and the PIC must be kept aware of mobile vehicle position. The GCS must be mounted or fixed
to the mobile vehicle to ensure that no excess movement will shift the GCS during operations.

The route of the mobile vehicle must be determined prior to operation. The PIC must ensure
that no part of the route will obscure the safety observer' s view or cause any physical
obstacles or obstructions to any member of the flight team.

The Area of Interest (AOI) must be large enough to warrant mobile operations, and the UA cannot be
allowed to exit the AOI under any circumstance. The only change to the standard operating
procedures (SOP's) with mobile operations must be an update of the LOL (Loss of Link) site. Mobile
operations are only permitted if suitable LOL sites are within 500 ft. of the PIC at all times. The entire
AOI must also meet the "sterile environment" of a static site as described on page 4-4 of the
Operations Manual, otherwise mobile operations are prohibited.

                                                                                                                            Page 26 of 41
b. Flight Operations of the Phantom 2 UAS Are Limited to the Line Of Sight of a Pilot in
Command with a Safety Observer.
 Sky Guardian LLC will only utilize pilots who have attended a certified ground school and passed
the course and a minimum of 8 flight in a manned aircraft, or hold a BGI, AGI certification or possess
a pilot certificate or above and a valid airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of
the Phantom 2 UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots. Both the PIC and safety
observer must complete the Sky Guardian LLC Phantom Course and meet the experience
requirements as set forth in the Operations Manual.

c. Flights Of The Phantom 2 UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
Limitations.
 In seeking this exemption, Sky Guardian LLC proposes to commercially operate the Phantom 2
UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over rural and populated areas of the
United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations: 1) Operations authorized by the
grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft described in the operating documents,
which is a four-rotor, vertical takeoff and landing, unmanned aircraft weighing less than 3 pounds:
Sky Guardian LLC Phantom 2. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or
a petition to amend the grant.

2) The Phantom 2 UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

3) The Phantom 2 UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 1,200 feet above ground
level (AGL). All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet.

                                                                                                                            Page 27 of 41
4) The Phantom 2 UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot in Command
(PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other
than corrective lenses.

5) All operations must utilize a Visual Observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS
requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able
to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can
perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

6) The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be maintained and made available to
the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in the
exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations in
the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow
the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
operating documents. It is the operator' s responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated
and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the
operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA' s
UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions
to the operating documents.

7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the Phantom 2 UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the Phantom 2 UAS, the
Phantom 2 UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
and the Phantom 2 UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Phantom 2 UAS Ground
Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be
properly documented in the aircraft records. 8) Any Phantom 2 UAS maintenance or alterations that
affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics (e.g. replacement of a flight critical component),
must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an

                                                                                                                            Page 28 of 41
entry in the Phantom 2 UAS aircraft record of the flight.
9) In addition to the pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents, the preflight inspection
must also account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.
10) The operator must follow the Phantom 2 UAS manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul; replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be noted
in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the
signature of the authorized Phantom 2 UAS maintenance personnel or PIC returning the Phantom 2
UAS to service.
12) The operator's Phantom 2 UAS authorized maintenance personnel or PIC must make a record
entry in the UAS logbook or equivalent document of the corrective action taken against
discrepancies discovered between inspections.
13) The operator's Phantom 2 UAS authorized maintenance personnel, PIC, and VO must receive
and document training referenced in the operating documents.

                                                                                                                            Page 29 of 41
14) The UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all manufacturer System and Safety
Bulletins.

15) The PIC must at least pass an authorized Ground School and have up to 8 hours dual flight
time with a CFI or hold a BGI or AGI certification or have a FAA-issued private pilot certificate and
a valid FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

16) Prior to operating for hire, the PIC, and VO must have successfully completed Sky Guardian
LLC' s training syllabus as outlined in the operating documents. In addition, the PIC and VO must
also have successfully completed annual (recurrent) training in accordance with the operating
documents. A record of training must be documented and made available upon request by the
Administrator. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights for the purpose of training pilots
and VOs to conduct flights authorized by the exemption are permitted under the terms of the
exemption.

17) If the Phantom 2 UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land, or be recovered in accordance with
the operating documents.

18) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

19) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption. This COA will
also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in
advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

                                                                                                                            Page 30 of 41
20) The Phantom 2 UAS operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C. or marked " EXPERIMENTAL" as large
possible.

21) Before conducting flight operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
control of the Phantom 2 UAS must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

22) The documents required under 14 C.F.R §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
Ground Control Station of the Phantom 2 UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents
must be made available to the Administrator, or any law enforcement official, upon request.

23) The Phantom 2 UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other aircraft
operations and activities at all times.

24) If the Phantom 2 UAS is operated from a moving device or vehicle, the operation must be in
accordance with the operating documents.

25) Phantom 2 UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1.
Unless equipped with night vision capabilities and for government support.

26) All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). The Phantom
2 UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

27) During operations in the National Airspace System, the UA may not operate within 5 nautical
miles of the geographic center of an airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator' s COA. The letter of agreement
with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

                                                                                                                            Page 31 of 41
28) The Phantom 2 UAS may operate over congested or densely populated areas in support of
Filming and Real Estate support. These areas include, but are not limited, to the yellow areas
depicted on World Aeronautical Charts (WAC), Sectional Aeronautical Charts (Sectionals), or
Terminal Area Charts (TAC). However, aeronautical charts may not reflect pertinent local
information. Ultimately, it is the PIC's responsibility to maintain the minimum safe altitudes required
by 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
29) Operation of the Phantom 2 UAS must be conducted at least 500 feet from all persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures not directly involved in the operation.

30) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from participating
persons, vessels, vehicles or structures that perform an essential function in connection with the
special purpose operations. Operations closer than 500 feet from the PIC, VO, operator trainees
and essential persons, are permitted when operationally necessary; but never so close as to
present an undue hazard, per 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(a).
31) Operations of the UA may be conducted at distances less than 500 feet from unoccupied
vessels, vehicles or structures owned by the land owner/controller when the land owner/controller
grants such permission and the PIC makes a safety assessment of the risk from operations
closer to these objects.

                                                                                                                            Page 32 of 41
32) All operations shall be conducted with permission from the land owner/controller or
authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative
will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of
the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA' s UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents meeting the requirements of 49 C.F.R. Part
830 must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b) Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

 Sky Guardian LLC submits that an equivalent level of safety established by Section 61.113(a) and
(b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the Phantom 2 UAS unless that
PIC has demonstrated, through the Phantom 2 UAS training and currency requirements, that the
PIC is able to safely operate the Phantom 2 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption,
including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.
 Considering Sky Guardian LLC' s proposed area of operations and the operating limitations set
forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of
commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the airmanship skills necessary to
safely operate the Phantom 2 UAS, Sky Guardian LLC submits that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship
skills necessary for Sky Guardian LLC' s specific proposed flight operations.
 Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to UAS,
in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, and 11138).

                                                                                                                            Page 33 of 41
 As in Exemption No. 11109, Sky Guardian LLC will not allow any PIC to operate the Phantom 2
UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated through the Phantom 2 UAS training and currency
requirements that the PIC is able to safely operate the Phantom 2 UAS in a manner consistent
with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not Adversely
Affect Safety.
 The level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained because prior to every flight,
Sky Guardian LLC will ensure that the Phantom 2 UAS is in an airworthy condition and safe for flight
based upon the Phantom 2 UAS's compliance with its operating documents (i.e. the Phantom 2 UAS
Operator Manual, the Sky Guardian LLC Systems Operations Manual, and the Phantom 2 UAS
Maintenance Manual) and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.
 Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a), specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138).

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not Adversely
Affect Safety.

 The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because the
Phantom 2 UAS is equipped with a digitally encoded barometric altimeter and GPS triangulation
equipment, with a zero altitude initiation point being established prior to each flight. As such, the
PIC on the Phantom 2 UAS is provided the altitude of the UA above ground level (AGL) via a
heads-up display of the ground control station (GCS). Specifically, the PIC of the Phantom 2 UAS
is provided three different types of altitude information:

                                                                                                                            Page 34 of 41
(1) Desired Altitude, indicating the commanded altitude, located at the top right corner of HUD as well
as above the HUD; (2) Altitude Above Ground Level (AGL), indicating actual altitude relative to height
above launch level on the ground, located in the center of the right side of the HUD; and (3) Climb
Rate, indicating the current rate of climb, located in the center of the right side of the HUD.
Accordingly, the PIC of the Phantom 2 UAS will be provided with all of the necessary altitude
information necessary to maintain safe operation of the UA in the NAS. The FAA has previously
granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects,
to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080,
11109, 11112, 11136, 11138).

5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b) Would Not Adversely
Affect Safety.

 A grant of this exemption would ensure the equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) because the technical specifications of the Phantom 2 UAS, the Phantom 2
Operations Manual, and Sky Guardian LLC proposed operating limitations will ensure that Sky
Guardian LLC may safely operate the battery powered Phantom 2 UAS during daylight hours in VFR
conditions for a total flight duration of 20 minutes, which will ensure a landing with five minutes (i.e.,
20 percent) battery power remaining. Furthermore, previous exemptions granted by the FAA
concerning Section 91.151(b) establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical
characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered.

 The Phantom 2 UAS is powered by one Lithium Ion 11 Amp hour, 22.2V battery, and is
protected by two low battery failsafe's. The ground control station (GCS) provides a battery
indicator on the heads-up display, which indicates the Phantom 2 UAS's current remaining
battery power measured in volts, and thus provides the PIC with constant awareness of the real-
time battery voltage during a flight.

                                                                                                                            Page 35 of 41
 The one low battery failsafe's that protect the Phantom 2 UAS are a "Low AV2 battery " failsafe and
a " Critically low AV battery" failsafe. The " Low AV battery" failsafe flies the UA to the location of the
ground control station (GCS), or identified Rally point, when the UA battery reaches a certain
threshold of time as configured by the operator, or 22.2V. The "Critically low AV battery" failsafe
lands the UA at its current location. This failsafe is triggered if a battery drops below the critical
battery voltage as configured by the operator, or 21.2V. 2 The Phantom 2 UAS Operator Manual
defines " AV" as " Aerial Vehicle."
 Furthermore, an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b) would not adversely affect
safety because Sky Guardian LLC will only conduct flights during daylight hours in VMC, with the
duration of each flight not to exceed 20 minutes, with five minutes (i.e., 20 percent) battery power
remaining.
 Likewise, as set forth above, Sky Guardian LLC has proposed specific operating limitations in this
Petition that will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.151(b), including
the following: (1) the Phantom 2 UAS will only be operated during daylight, or night time with night
vision equipped cameras in support of government operations, hours (i.e. between the end of
morning civil twilight and the beginning of evening civil twilight, as published in the American Air
Almanac, converted to local time); (2) Phantom 2 UAS will only be operated pursuant to visual flight
rules (VFR) in visual meteorological conditions (VMC); and (3) the duration of each flight shall not
exceed 20 minutes.
 Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151 establish
that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations
of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than
the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650.
Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151, specific to UAS in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos.
8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109,
11110, 11136, 11138).

                                                                                                                            Page 36 of 41
 6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

 In seeking this exemption, Sky Guardian LLC submits that an equivalent level of safety with regard
to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met because Sky Guardian LLC, use
its trained operators to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
unmanned aircraft system using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the
manufacturer' s maintenance manual. Furthermore, Sky Guardian LLC will document and maintain
all maintenance records for the Phantom 2 UAS.
 Since the Phantom 2 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the manufacturer' s maintenance
manual, Sky Guardian LLC will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). The Phantom 2 UAS Maintenance Manual sets forth
Scheduled Maintenance Inspection Procedures for each system and component. Inspection intervals
for the Phantom 2 UAS include preflight and post flight inspections, as well as scheduled inspections
every 25 hours, 50 hours, 75 hours, and 100 hours of operation.
 Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Sky Guardian LLC will
perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed by the manufacturer' s maintenance manual. The Phantom 2
UAS Maintenance Manual details procedures for each component of the UA, including the
components of the propulsion system, legs/arms, avionics system, and payload system.
 Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety established by
Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b) because all maintenance of the Phantom 2 UAS will be
performed by Sky Guardian LLC trained operators, who will document and maintain maintenance
records for the Phantom 2 UAS. Sky Guardian LLC trained technicians are qualified to conduct any
and all maintenance to ensure the safe operation of the UAS, conduct all service inspections, and
authorize the use of each vehicle UAS based upon completion of appropriate inspections.

 Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not adversely affected
when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of a UAS are considered. The FAA
has previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080,

                                                                                                                            Page 37 of 41
11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138).
 7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) and 14
C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Sky Guardian LLC requests that the FAA prescribe
special conditions for the intended operation of the Phantom 2 UAS, which contain such safety
standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that
established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special
conditions will permit safe operation of the UA for the limited purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions over certain rural areas of the United States. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to
operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be
established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

                                                                                                                            Page 38 of 41
 Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, for
operation of the Phantom 2 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not
contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of the
aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:

If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain adequate or
appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of a novel or
unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, he prescribes special conditions
and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part
11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as
the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the
regulations. See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
 Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA may prescribe
special conditions for Sky Guardian LLC' s intended operation of the Phantom 2 UAS, which contain
such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent
to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating:
 The Rules From Which Sky Guardian LLC Seeks Exemption:
Sky Guardian LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a), 91.9 (b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109 , 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a) & (b), 91.203(a) & (b), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                                            Page 39 of 41
A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Sky Guardian LLC Seeks:
 This exemption will permit Sky Guardian LLC to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft

System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions and research over certain rural areas
of the United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support Sky Guardian LLC
Services" Request.

 This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section
333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain UAS may operate safely in
the NAS. As such, Sky Guardian LLC' s request for exemption may be granted pursuant to the
authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above.
 FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard
to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise poses a threat to national security; and further,
provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification.
 As discussed in detail above, Sky Guardian LLC will operate the Phantom 2 UAS safely in the NAS
without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
security.

CONCLUSION
 As set forth herein, Sky Guardian LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will permit safe
operation of the Phantom 2 UAS commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited
purpose of conducting aerial acquisitions over certain rural areas of the United States. By granting
this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing
Sky Guardian LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the Phantom 2 UAS commercially
within the NAS.

                                                                                                                            Page 40 of 41
 WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Sky Guardian LLC respectfully requests that the Administrator
grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and
permit Sky Guardian LLC to operate the Phantom 2 UAS for the purpose of conducting aerial
acquisitions and research over certain rural and populated areas of the United States.

                                                                          Dated: XXXXXXXXX
                                                                          Respectfully submitted,
                                                                          Sky Guardian LLC

                                                                            /s/ Richard F. Soto
                                                                               Richard F. Soto
                                                                               President and CEO.

                                                                             P.O. Box 1074
                                                                             Bisbee, Arizona 85603
                                                                             Tel: (520) 236-6312

                                                                                                                            Page 41 of 41
