August 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12635
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1240

Mr. Joe B. Doran
Owner
Skycam Media
16635 Cordillera Drive
Round Rock, TX 78681

Dear Mr. Doran:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Skycam Media (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and
closed-set filmmaking.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DT C8S1300mm Octocopter, Sky Hero Spyder 6
1000mm Hex, SkyCam Frame 4 1000mm Quad, DJI Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 3
professional.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Skycam Media is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection and
closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Skycam Media is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DT C8S1300mm
         Octocopter, Sky Hero Spyder 6 1000mm Hex, SkyCam Frame 4 1000mm Quad, DJI
         Inspire 1 and the DJI Phantom 3 professional when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April  17,  2015  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System    
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590    
  

          Re:  Petition  of  Joe  B.  Doran  (Skycam  Media)  for  an  Exemption  Request  Pursuant  to  
          Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  and  Part  11  of  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  
          from  14  C.P.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H;  61.113(a)  & (b);  91.119(c);  91.121;  91.151(a);  
          91.405(a);  91.407(a)(l);  91.409(a)(2);  91.417(a)  & (b).    
            
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:    

  

Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of2012  (the  "Reform  
Act")  and  14  C.P.R.  Part  11,  Joe  B.  Doran  (Skycam  Media),  Skycam  Media  does  hereby  apply  
for  an  exemption  from  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FAR's")  identified  below,  to  allow  
commercial  use  of  small  unmanned  aerial  systems  ("sUAS")  for  the  purpose  of  aerial  
photography  and  filmmaking  under  certain  conditions  set  forth  in  the  Skycam  Media  
confidential  Flight  Operations  Manual  and  identical  conditions  set  forth  in  the  FAA-issued  
"Exemption  No.  11062",  and  related  exemptions  issued  to  operators  for  closed  set  filming.    
Also,  pursuant  to  14  CPR  §  11.87,  we  request  that  the  FAA  not  to  delay  action  based  on  the  
following:    
  

     1. This  petition  for  exemption  does  not  set  precedent.  Previous  identical  exemption  
          requests  have  been  approved.      

     2. The  requested  relief  is  identical  to  exemptions  granted  previously,  specifically,  
          Exemption(s)  Nos.  11062  (Astraeus  Aerial),  11066  (Aerial  MOB),  11065  (Helivideo),  
          and  others.      

     3. A  delay  in  action  on  this  petition  would  adversely  affect  pending  requests  for  aerial  
          filming  operations  and  result  in  lost  opportunity  and  wages  for  participating  crew,  
          and  a  delay  in  the  public  benefit  of  granting  this  petition.  In  addition,  a  competitive  
          advantage  for  unapproved  commercial  sUAS  operators  exists  and  continues  to  grow  
          every  day.      

    4. We  are  filing  this  exemption  petition  immediately  following  the  finalized  operations  
         manual  with  respect  to  newly  acquired  sUAS.      

Notwithstanding  the  request  not  to  publish  this  petition  request  in  the  Federal  Register,  
Skycam  Media  has  submitted  supporting  materials  including  the  confidential  "Flight  
Operations  Manual"  which  are  confidential  documents  pursuant  to  14  CPR  §  11.35(b)  and  
are  not  available  to  the  public.    

  
Pursuant  to  14  CFR  §  11.87:    

  
    1. This  application  is  submitted  by:  
         SkyCam  Media  
         16635  Cordillera  Dr.  
         Round  Rock,  TX  78681  
           
    2. 14  C.P.R.-  Regulations  for  which  exemption  is  requested:      
             1) 45.23(b)  
             2) 61.113(a)  and  (b)      
             3) 91.119(c)      
             4) 91.121      
             5) 91.151(a)    
             6) 91.203(a)  and  (b)    
             7) 91.405(a)      
             8) 91.407(a)(1)      
             9) 91.409(a)(2)      
             10)91.417(a)  and  (b)      

UASs  operated  by  Sky  Shots  weigh  less  than  55  pounds,  including  all  payload.  The  operate  
at  speeds  of  less  than  50  knots,  can  hover,  and  can  simultaneously  move  in  multiple  
directions.  Shy  Shots  will  only  operate  its  UASs  in  line  of  sight  and  will  operate  only  within  
the  sterile  environment  described  in  the  FOPM.  Such  operations  will  insure  that  the  UAS  
will  not  create  a  hazard  to  users  of  the  NAS  or  public.    

Given  the  small  size  of  our  UASs  and  the  restricted  area  that  they  will  be  operated,  Sky  
shot's  UAS  operations  adhere  to  the  Reform  Act's  safety  requirements.    

Additionally,  due  to  the  size  of  the  UASs  and  the  limited  area  in  which  they  will  operate,  
approval  of  this  application  presents  no  national  safety  concerns.  Based  on  the  substantial  
level  of  safety  surrounding  the  proposed  operations,  and  the  significant  public  benefit  
(enhanced  safety).  Reduction  in  environmental  impacts  in  the  outdoor  setting  these  UASs  
will  operate  leaving  no  trace  of  activity  behind,  the  grant  of  the  requested  exemption  is  in  
the  public  interest.  Accordingly,  Sky  Shots  respectfully  requests  that  the  FAA  grant  the  
requested  exemption.    

    3. Aircraft  And  Equivalent  Level  Of  Safety:  

The  operating  limitations  proposed  by  Sky  Shots  provide  for  a  higher  level  of  safety  because  
operations  further  enhance  safety  of  movie  and  television  filming  operations  using  
conventional  aircraft.    

As  set  forth  in  the  FOPM,  the  limitations  and  conditions  include:    

     · The  UASs  will  weigh  less  than  55  pounds    
     · Flights  will  be  operated  within  line  of  sight  of  a  pilot  and  observer  
     · Maximum  flight  time  for  each  flight  will  be  30  minutes  or  at  25%  of  battery  power  

            reserve    whichever  comes  first.    
     · Flights  will  be  operated  at  an  altitude  of  no  more  than  400  feet  AGL  as  indicated    by  
          onboard    GPS  system.    

     · Minimum  crew  for  each  operation  will  consist  of  the  UAS  pilot,  the  observer  and    a  
          camera  operator.    

     · A  UAS  pilot  will  be  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC).    
     · A  UAS  pilot  will  be  an  FAA  licensed  airman  with  at  least  a  private  pilot's  certificate  

            and  third  class  Medical  
     · The  UAS  will  only  operate  within  a  confined  "sterile  area"  as  defined  in  the  FOPM.  
     · The  FOPM  requires  the  establishment  of  a  "Security  Perimeter"  for  the  flight  

            operations  area.  
     · A  briefing  will  be  conducted  for  Planned  UAS  operations  prior  to  each  day's  flight.  

            All  personnel  
     · Performing  duties  within  the  boundaries  of  the  safety  perimeter  are  required  to  

            attend.  
     · The  operator  will  file  a  FAA  Form  7711-1  or  its  equivalent,  as  modified  in  light  of  

            the  requested  exemption,  with  the  appropriate  Flight  Standards  District  Office.  
     · The  operator  will  obtain  consent  of  all  persons  involved  in  the  filming  and  ensure  

            that  only  Consenting  persons  will  be  allowed  within  100  feet  of  the  flight  operation.  
     · The  operator  will  submit  a  written  Plan  of  Activities  to  the  FSDO  three  days  before  

          the  proposed  shoot  as  required  in  the  FOPM.  
     · The  Pilot  and  observer  must  be  trained  in  UAS  operations  and  received  current  

          information  on  the  particular  UAS  to  be  operated  as  required  by    the  FOPM.  
     · The  Observer  and  Pilot  will  at  all  times  be  able  to  communicate  by  voice.    
     · Written  and/or  oral  permission  from  the  relevant  property  holders  will    be  

          obtained.    
     · All  required  permissions  and  permits  will  be  obtained  from  territorial,    state,  

          county,  or  city  Jurisdictions,  including  local  law  enforcement,  fire  or    other  managing  
          governmental  agencies.  
     · If  the  UAS  loses  communications  or  loses  its  GPS  signal,  the  UAS  will  and    does  have  
          the  capability  to  return  to  a  pre-determined  location  within    the  Security  Perimeter  
          and  land  safely.  
     · The  UAS  will  have  the  capability  to  abort  a  flight  in  case  of  unpredicted    obstacles  or  
          emergencies.      

       
            

Section  45.23(b):  Marking  of  the  Aircraft  

          The  regulation  requires:    

          When  marks  include  only  the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration  number  
          is  displayed  on  limited,  restricted  or  light-sport  category  aircraft  or  experimental  or  
          provisionally  certificated  aircraft,  the  operator  must  also  display  on  that  aircraft  
          near  each  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  letters  not  less  than  2  
          inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the  words  "limited,"  "restricted,"  "light-sport,"  
          "experimental,"  or  "provisional,"  as  applicable.    

          Even  though  the  UAS  will  have  no  airworthiness  certificate,  an  exemption  may  be  
          needed  as  the  UAS  will  have  no  entrance  to  the  cabin,  cockpit  or  pilot  station  on  
          which  the  word  "Experimental"  can  be  placed.  Given  the  size  of  the  sUAV,  two-inch  
          lettering  will  be  impossible.  The  word  "Experimental"  will  be  placed  on  the  fuselage  
          in  compliance  with  §45.29  (f).    

          The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  provided  by  having  the  sUAV  marked  on  its  
          fuselage  as  required  by  §45.29  (f)  where  the  pilot,  observer  and  others  working  
          with  the  sUAV  will  see  the  identification  of  the  UAS  as  "Experimental."  The  FAA  has  
          issued  the  following  exemptions  to  this  regulation  to  Exemptions  Nos.  10700,  8738,  
          10167  and  10167A.    

  Section  61.113(a)  and  (b):  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  Pilot  in  Command.  

          Skycam  Media  is  seeking  relief  from  this  regulation,  as  the  requirement  for  a  
          Commercial  Pilot  License  with  a  second  class  medical  would  be  an  unnecessary  
          burden  on  the  operator  with  regard  to  obtaining  and  certifying  UA  pilots.    

          The  UAS  will  not  carry  a  pilot  or  passengers,  and  the  proposed  operations  can  
          achieve  the  equivalent  level  of  safety  by  requiring  the  pilot  to  possess  a  private  
          pilot's  license  only,  with  a  valid  third  class  medical.  This  level  of  knowledge  and  skill  
          combined  with  the  proposed  operating  procedures  described  in  the  Flight  
          Operations  Manual  (VLOS  only,  closed-set  requirements,  etc.)  will  more  than  
          adequately  allow  safe  operation  within  the  national  airspace  system,  and  with  
          regard  to  persons  or  property  on  the  ground.  The  additional  knowledge  and  skill  
          requirements  for  a  Commercial  Pilot's  license  do  not  add  any  level  of  safety  with  
          respect  to  closed-set  small  UAS  operations  in  the  same  manner  they  do  with  full  
          scale,  passenger-carrying  aircraft.    

          An  equivalent  or  greater  level  of  safety  is  achieved  by  requiring  UA  pilots  to  have  a  
          minimum  number  of  hours  logged,  flight  sequences,  knowledge  and  experience  
          testing,  etc.  as  described  in  the  Flight  Operations  Manual.    

Section  91.119(c):  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes.  

           Section  91.119  establishes  safe  altitudes  for  operation  of  civil  aircraft.  Section  91.119  (d)  
           allows  helicopters  to  be  operated  at  less  than  the  minimums  prescribed,  provided  the  person  
           operating  the  helicopter  complies  with  any  route  or  altitudes  prescribed  for  helicopters  by  
           the  FAA.  As  this  exemption  is  for  a  sUAS  that  is  a  helicopter  and  the  exemption  requests  
           authority  to  operate  at  altitudes  up  to  400  Above  Ground  Level  (AGL,)  or  not  more  than  200  
           above  an  elevated  platform  from  which  filming  is  planned,  an  exemption  may  be  needed  to  
           allow  such  operations.  As  set  forth  herein,  except  for  the  limited  conditions  stated  in  the  
           General  Operating  Manual,  the  UAS  will  never  operate  at  higher  than  400  AGL.  It  will  
           however  be  operated  in  a  restricted  area  with  security  perimeter,  where  buildings  and  
           people  will  not  be  exposed  to  operations  without  their  pre-obtained  notification  and  consent  
           when  required.    

           The  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  and  speed  of  the  UAS  as  
           well  as  the  location  where  it  is  operated.  No  flight  will  be  taken  without  the  permission  of  
           the  property  owner  or  local  officials.  Because  of  the  advance  notice  to  the  property  owner  
           and  participants  in  the  filming  activity,  all  affected  individuals  will  be  aware  of  the  planned  
           flight  operations  as  set  forth  in  the  GOM.  Compared  to  flight  operations  with  aircraft  or  
           rotorcraft  weighing  far  more  than  the  maximum  55lbs.  proposed  herein  and  the  lack  of  
           flammable  fuel,  any  risk  associated  with  these  operations  is  far  less  than  those  presently  
           presented  with  conventional  aircraft  operating  at  or  below  500  AGL  in  the  movie  industry.  In  
           addition,  the  low-altitude  operations  of  the  sUAS  will  ensure  separation  between  these  

       Ssmecatlilo-nU A 9S1.  o1p1e9r.a   tions  and  the  operations  of  conventional  aircraft  that  must  comply  with  

Section  91.121  :  Altimeter  Settings    

          Skycam  Media  is  seeking  relief  from  this  regulation,  as  the  UA  will  not  have  a  
          barometric  altimeter.    

          Section  91.121  requires  each  person  operating  an  aircraft  to  maintain  cruising  
          altitude  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set  "...  to  an  elevation  of  the  departure  
          airport  or  an  appropriate  altimeter  setting  available  before  departure."  As  a  UAS  
          may  not  have  a  barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  a  GPS  altitude  data,  an  exemption  
          is  needed.  An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  the  operator,  pursuant  to  
          the  FOPM  and  Safety  Check  list,  confirming  the  altitude  of  the  launch  site  shown  on  
          the  GPS  altitude  indicator  before  flight.    

  Section  91.151(a):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions    

          Skycam  Media  is  seeking  relief  from  the  fuel  requirements  of  this  FAR  as  current  
          battery  technology  allows  the  UA  to  fly  for  approximately  15-30  minutes  in  normal  
          conditions.  As  91.151(a)  requires  a  30-minute  reserve  AFTER  reaching  the  point  of  
          intended  landing,  there  is  no  practical  flight  possible  under  this  regulation.    

          An  equivalent  or  greater  level  o  f  safety  exists  as  the  exact  battery  level  remaining  is  
          transmitted  to  the  pilot  via  radio  telemetry,  and  given  that  the  operating  area  for  the  
          UA  is  in  close  proximity  to  the  pilot  (VLOS),  an  unsafe  condition  where  the  UA  is  
          unable  to  return  for  landing  due  to  low  battery  condition  is  easily  avoidable.  
          Additionally,  should  a  defective  battery  prematurely  deplete,  the  UA  is  configured  to  
          auto  land  above  the  point  at  which  the  flight  controller  detects  low  voltage.  And,  as  
          part  of  the  Skycam  Media  Operations  Manual,  it  is  a  requirement  that  any  flight  be  
          terminated  if  telemetry  is  lost.  Otherwise,  a  flight  limit  of  30  minutes  or  25%  battery  
          remaining  is  prescribed.    

Section  91.203(a)  and  (b):  Carrying  Civil  Aircraft  Certification  and  Registration  

          The  regulation  provides  in  pertinent  part:    

          a) Except  as  provided  in  §  91.715,  no  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  

                    it  has  within  it  the  following:    

          b) An  appropriate  and  current  airworthiness  certificate.  .  .    
          c) No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  the  airworthiness  certificate  

                    required  by  paragraph  (a)  of  this  section  or  a  special  flight  authorization  
                    issued  under  §91.715  is  displayed  at  the  cabin  or  cockpit  entrance  so  that  it  
                    is  legible  to  passengers  or  crew.    

          The  UAS  fully  loaded  weighs  no  more  than  55  lbs  and  is  operated  without  an  
          onboard  pilot.  As  such,  there  is  no  ability  or  place  to  carry  certification  and  
          registration  documents  or  to  display  them  on  the  sUAS.  Each  sUAS  operated  by  Fly  
          Habana  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA  and  all  documentation  carried  by  the  PIC.    

          An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  by  keeping  these  documents  at  the  
          ground  control  point  where  the  pilot  flying  the  sUAS  will  have  immediate  access  to  
          them,  to  the  extent  they  are  applicable  to  the  sUAS.  The  FAA  has  issued  numerous  
          exemptions  to  this  regulation.  A  representative  sample  of  other  exceptions  includes  
          Exemption  Nos.  9565,  9665,  9789,  9789A,  9797,  9797A,  9816A,  and  10700.    

Section  91.405(a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(2);  91.417(a)  and  (b):  Maintenance  Inspections    

          Skycam  Media  is  seeking  relied  from  the  above  stated  FAR's  as  the  UA  will  not  have  
          an  airworthiness  certificate.  Therefore  there  is  no  requirement  to  perform  an  
          inspection  in  order  to  maintain  airworthiness  as  stated  in  Appendix  D  to  Part  43  for  
          1OOhr.  and  annual  inspections.    

          An  equivalent  or  greater  level  of  safety  exists  as  the  Skycam  Media  Flight  Operations  
          Manual  does  prescribe  regular  maintenance  and  inspections,  compliance  with  
          manufacturer's  service  bulletins,  test  flights  after  maintenance,  technician  training,  
          and  so  forth,  in  the  spirit  of  the  scope  and  detail  of  Appendix  D  to  Part  43.  In  
          addition,  while  mechanical  failures  are  not  out  of  the  question,  a  crash  resulting  
          from  a  catastrophic  failure  has  a  very  small  amount  of  risk  of  injury  when  compared  
          to  a  failure  in  a  passenger  carrying  full  size  aircraft,  for  which  this  regulation  was  
          intended.    

     4. Public  Interest:      
            
          Skycam  Media  believes  that  allowing  commercial  use  of  small-unmanned  aircraft  
          will  enhance  the  safety  of  filming  operations  by  reducing  the  risk  associated  with  
          low  altitude  full  size  aircraft  operations.  A  manned,  turbine  powered  helicopter  
          operating  in  close  proximity  to  production  personnel  and  actors  on  the  ground  has  a  
          far  greater  risk  o  f  injury  than  a  small,  lightweight  U  A  carrying  no  combustible  fuel,  
          especially  when  the  UA  is  operating  within  the  parameters  of  the  Skycam  Media  
          Flight  Operations  Manual.    Additionally,  the  safe  integration  of  sUAS  within  the  
          national  airspace  is  a  growing  concerns  amongst  pilots,  the  FAA,  and  general  public.  
          This  exemption  would  provide  a  safe  stepping-stone  to  a  more  robust  set  of  future  

         sUAS  rules.   

     5. Level  of  Safety:    
            
          As  outlined  in  each  of  the  FAR's  above  for  which  relief  is  sought  (underlined).    

     6. Summary:    Flying  Cross  Aerial  Production  seeks  exemption  from  the  following  rules  
          for  the  commercial  operation  of  a  small  unmanned  aerial  system  in  order  to  conduct  
          filming  and  photography  operations  below  an  altitude  of  400'  AGL  and  within  a  
          limited  operating  area:  14  C.P.R.  Part  21,  Subpart  H;  61.113(a)  &  (b);  91.119(c);  
          91.121;  91.151(a);  91.405(a);  91.407(a)(l);  91.409(a)(2);  91.417(a)  &  (b).    This  
          exemption  will  enhance  the  level  of  safety  currently  able  to  be  obtained  using  full  
          sized  manned  helicopters  for  the  same  type  of  work.      

     7. Privacy:    
            
          All  flights  will  occur  over  private  or  controlled  access  property  with  the  property  
          owner's  prior  consent  and  knowledge.  Filming  will  be  of  people  who  have  also  
          consented  to  being  filmed  or  otherwise  have  agreed  to  be  in  the  area  where  filming  
          will  take  place.    
            
          Satisfaction  of  the  criteria  provided  in  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  of  2012--size,  
          weight,  speed,  operating  capabilities,  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas  and  
          operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  and  national  security  ­  provide  more  than  
          adequate  justification  for  the  grant  of  the  requested  exemptions  allowing  
          commercial  operation  of  applicant's  UAS  in  the  motion  picture  and  television  
          industry  pursuant  to  the  Manual  appended  here  to.    

     8. Additional  Information:      
            
          The  applicant,  Joe  Doran,  is  a  safety  conscious  member  of  AMA  (Academy  of  Model  
          Aeronautics.  He  has  been  flying  single  rotor  RC  aircrafts  for  over  10  yeas,  and  he  has  
          professional  competed  in  acrobatics  RC  helicopter  for  over  eight  years.  Joe  Doran  is  
          also  very  active  in  the  AMA  community,  including  being  the  President  of  a  
          sanctioned  club,  and  he  has  putting  together  really  large  RC  helicopter  events,  with  
          safety  as  the  number  one  factor.  The  RC  helicopters  that  are  flown  usually  have  a  
          rotor  span  of  over  six  feet  in  diameter.  Joe  Doran  has  been  doing  areal  photography  
          and  cinematography  for  over  four  years  now  with  small,  unmanned  aircraft  and  
          lightweight  UASs  capturing  high  definition  featured  films.  

  

If  you  have  any  questions  or  need  any  additional  information,  please  contact  the  undersigned  at  
512-368-4102  or  at  joe@skycammedia.com  

  

Thank  you,    
  
  

Joe  B.  Doran  
Founder  /  Owner  
SkyCam  Media  
