September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 13028
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2825

Mr. Kahelen J. Smith
Skyline Air Photo
3660 South Cox Avenue
Apartment 2907
Springfield, MO 65807

Dear Mr. Smith:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 8, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Skyline Air Photo (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography of construction sites, real estate, and landscape over certain
areas of the United States, inspections, and to increase public knowledge of safe UAS
operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Skyline Air Photo is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Skyline Air Photo is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                               UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
                          DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                        FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                                       WASHINGTON, DC

                          Regulatory Docket No. _______________

          IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                             Kahelen J. Smith /Skyline Air Photo

FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
             TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

  SECTIONS 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
  91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
   OPERATION OF DJI PHANTOM 3 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS

                             PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
           THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                     (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                            Submitted on June 8, 2015
                                                            Kahelen J. Smith/ Skyline Air Photo
                                                            3660 S cox ave Apt 2907
                                                            Springfield, MO
                                                            Tel: (573) 881-9494

                                    TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                                                         Page
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS...................................................................................3
SUMMARY...........................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER....................................................4
BACKGROUND....................................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR PETITION.........................................................................................................5

         NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.............................................................7
         THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH KAHELEN J. SMITH
         SEEKS EXEMPTION........................................................................8
         THE EXTENT OF RELIEF KAHELEN J. SMITH AND THE REASON
         KAHELEN J. SMITH SEEKS THE
         RELIEF................................................................11
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING KAHELEN J. SMITH REQUEST WOULD
         BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .........................................................15
         THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
         ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY..........................................................................19
         SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER......34
         ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS
         AVAILABLE TO SUPPORT KAHELEN J. SMITH
         REQUEST...............................................................................................................34
CONCLUSION....................................................................................................................35
APPENDICES........................................................................................37

   2  
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC              Above Ground Level
ATO              Area of Interest
AV               Air Traffic Control
CFR              Air Traffic Organization
COA              Aerial Vehicle
FAA              Code of Federal Regulations
FAR              Certificate of Authorization
GCS              Federal Aviation Administration
GPS              Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL              Ground Control Station
NAS              Global Positioning System
NOTAM            Loss of Link
PIC              National Airspace System
Section 333      Notice to Airman
SO               Pilot In Command
SOP              FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
UA               Safety Observer
UAS              Standard Operating Procedures
VFR              Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS             Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC              Visual Flight Rules
VTOL             Visual Line of Site
                 Visual Meteorological Conditions
                 Vertical Takeoff and Landing

   3  
                                               SUMMARY
         Kahelen J. Smith seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a)
& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit
Kahelen J. Smith to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial
purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of construction sites, real estate, and
landscape over certain areas of the United States.

              INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Kahelen J. Smith provides clients with expertise and knowledge in advanced
technologies and solutions to increase efficiency, productivity and effectiveness. Kahelen
J. Smith has over has over 10 years recreational/hobby experience in all aspects UAS
design, construction and operations. The objective Kahelen J. Smith aerial video and
photography operations is to provide high quality imaging for a variety of commercial,
public, and residential uses, specifically targeting:

             · Real estate and private property aerial photography
             · Aerial acquisitions used for inspections of public and private structures.
             · Increase public knowledge of UAS and promote safe UAS operations.

                                            BACKGROUND
                            Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Phantom 3

   4  
         Kahelen J. Smith seeks an exemption to operate DJI systems for compensation or
hire within the NAS. The DJI Phantom 3 is a vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL)
Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet
or smart phone systems. The DJI Phantom 3 has a maximum gross weight of
approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, while having a length of 16.2 inches width of 16.6
inches, height of 10.5 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 31.1 knots. The DJI
Phantom 3 is equipped with four main rotors; driven by Lithium Polymer battery powered
electric motors.

         The DJI Phantom 3 UAS that will be operated by Kahelen J. Smith will be
registered in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14
C.F.R Part 47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45,
Identification and Registration Marking.

                                       BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Kahelen J. Smith, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 3 Vision UAS in the
National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
§§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
         In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Kahelen J. Smith operation of DJI Phantom 3

   5  
UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Accordingly, Kahelen J. Smith requests relief from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.

         Kahelen J. Smith submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent
level of safety will be ensured. Kahelen J. Smith will use experienced personnel or
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e.,
Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Kahelen
J. Smith will document and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 UAS.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by Kahelen J. Smith to the
extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level
certificate, as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by meeting
minimum flight- hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
DJI Phantom 3 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

         Kahelen J. Smith seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft
airworthiness, because the DJI Phantom 3 UAS does not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, Kahelen J. Smith
submits that he will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior

   6  
to every flight, by determining that the UAS is in compliance with the operating
documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Instruction Manual), and
that the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight.

         Kahelen J. Smith also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121,
entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Phantom 3 UA will not have a typical barometric
altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI Phantom 3 UA will be
provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined with Kahelen J. Smith
operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL,
will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.

         Additionally, Kahelen J. Smith seeks an exemption from the requirements of
Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Kahelen J.
Smith submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UA
during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules
(VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 19.5 minutes
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that
for at least 4.5 minutes.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Kahelen J. Smith provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Kahelen J. Smith
3660 S Cox Ave Apt 2907

   7  
Springfield, MO 65807
Tel: (573) 881-9494
Email: sales@skylineairphoto.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Kahelen J. Smith Seeks
   Exemption.

         1. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            61.113(a) And (b).

         Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,

         subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:

         (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
             (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or
             hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

         (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
             connection with any business or employment if--

             (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

             (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

         2. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.7(a).

         Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the

         following:

         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

         3. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.121.

         Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in

         part:

         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
             level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
             when operating--

             (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--

   8  
                  (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
                      within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;

                  (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
                      this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
                      available station; or

                  (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
                       departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
                       departure.

         4. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.151(b).

         Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection

        (b), states the following:

         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
             to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
             fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

         5. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
            91.405(a).

         Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:

         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--

         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
             between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
             section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

         6. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
            91.407(a)(1)

         Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

         rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:

         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
             maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--

             (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
                  43.7 of this chapter[.]

   9  
         7. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
            91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).

         Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:

         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
             aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --

             (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
                  been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this
                  chapter; or

             (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance
                  with part 21 of this chapter.

         8. Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
            91.417(a) And 91.417(b).

         Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the

         following:

         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
             registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
             specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

             (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                  records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
                  inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
                  each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
                  include--

                  (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                     the work performed; and

                  (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                  (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the
                       aircraft for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:

                  (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
                     each rotor.

   10  
                  (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                      propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which
                       are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
                       last inspection required by the inspection program under which the
                       aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                      directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or
                      safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                      involves recurring action, the time and date when the next action is
                      required.

                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each
                       major alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                       propellers, and appliances.

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
             prescribed:

             (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained
                  until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the
                  work is performed.

             (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained
                  and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

             (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
                  this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                  approved for return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
   Seeks The Relief.

         1. Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
            Seeks Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and

limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a

private pilot or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical

   11  
certificate, and who has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the
proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b)
state that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that
business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
compensation or hire.

         As set forth more fully below, Kahelen J. Smith submits that an equivalent level of
safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 3
UAS unless that PIC has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, demonstrating
that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS in a manner consistent with
the operations specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and
emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

         Further, Kahelen J. Smith submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS,
conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to
Kahelen J. Smith business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation
or hire.

         2. Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
            Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow Kahelen J. Smith to determine that the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is in
airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with

   12  
the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Instruction
Manual).

         Kahelen J. Smith seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 3 UAS does
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Therefore, Kahelen J. Smith will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is in airworthy
condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3 Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and
further, determine that the aircraft is in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions
and limitations below.

         3. Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
            Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.

         Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor,
GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude
information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA
requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic
control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), Kahelen J. Smith seeks the requested
relief because the DJI Phantom 3 UA altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL,
rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR
91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and
limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained since the DJI Phantom 3 UA is equipped with a barometric pressure sensor
and GPS equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will

   13  
be established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the
UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.

         4. Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
            Seeks Relief From Section 91.151(b).

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI
Phantom 3 Vision UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC),
under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 19.5 minutes to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5
minutes. Kahelen J. Smith seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from
Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 3 UA will
severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that
Kahelen J. Smith proposes to conduct pursuant to this Petition.

         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3
UAS, the DJI Phantom 3 operating documents, and Kahelen J. Smith proposed operating
limitations, ensure that Kahelen J. Smith will safely operate the battery powered DJI
Phantom 3 UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under
visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 19.5
minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

         5. Extent Of Relief Kahelen J. Smith Seeks And The Reason Kahelen J. Smith
            Seeks Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
            And 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Kahelen J. Smith requests relief

   14  
from these Sections because the DJI Phantom 3 UAS does not require airworthiness
certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 3 UAS meets the conditions of
FMRA Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly,
Kahelen J. Smith will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or
preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 3). Furthermore, Kahelen J. Smith will document and maintain all maintenance
records for the DJI Phantom 3 UAS.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Kahelen J. Smith Request Would Be In The Public

   Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Kahelen J.

Smith to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography of
construction sites, real estate, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.
Kahelen J. Smith plans to work with local city official's to help bring tourism to southwest
Missouri, by showing the world how beautiful southwest Missouri is with aerial
photographs and videos. This will boost the local economy, by increasing tourism and real
estate sales.

         Additionally, use of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will decrease congestion of the NAS,
reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of
Kahelen J. Smith proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will be realized without
implicating any privacy issues.

         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
         The DJI Phantom 3 UAS is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and
economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery.

   15  
By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an
exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 3 UAS would reduce the amount of manned
aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and
property in the air and on the ground.

         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The
DJI Phantom 3 UA does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of
manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would result in fewer
aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure,
arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI
            Phantom 3 UAS.

         Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, instead of manned
aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise
pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight operations.
By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom 3 UAS produces no air
pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class,
six cylinder internal combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video
and photography, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation
fuel. The DJI Phantom 3 UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions,
also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered electric
motors, rather than an internal combustion engine.

         By using the DJI Phantom 3 UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial
risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with

   16  
traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely
eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the
DJI Phantom 3 UA (weighing approximately 2 pounds 13 ounces, at its maximum gross
weight with a length of 16.2 inches, widths of 16.6 inches, and with no fuel on board), has
less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the ground, and in the
air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations (weighing
approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet,
and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

         3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The DJI
            Phantom 3 UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is also an
economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As
such, operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will allow United States based companies, like
Kahelen J. Smith, to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy.
Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency
("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated
companies must adopt new and alternative technology in order to remain competitive.
Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 3 UASs is one such technology that not only
allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides
such flexibility without the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, companies such as Kahelen J. Smith, can
remain competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees
and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved
financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Phantom 3

   17  
UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state,
and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in research and development in
order to remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.

         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, Kahelen J. Smith proposed operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will not
implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will be operated only in
compliance with operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom
3) which requires property owner involvement as well as local law enforcement
notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the
minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,

   Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
   Provided By The Rule From Which Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption.

         1. Reasons Why The DJI Phantom 3 UA Meets The Conditions Of The FAA
            Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, John F McCreary's operation of the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:

         (a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not
             later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of

   18  
             Transportation shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
             operate safely in the national airspace system before completion of the plan
             and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance required by
             section 334 of this Act.

         (b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
             subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--

                  (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their
                      size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
                      populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create
                      a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a
                      threat to national security; and

                  (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
                      airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
                      Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems
                      identified under paragraph (1).

         (c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this
             section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
             national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
             operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, Kahelen J. Smith submits that the DJI Phantom 3 UAS

can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the

characteristics of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c)

the specific operating limitations.

            a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
               Characteristics.

         The DJI Phantom 3 UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the

public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed,

and operational capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 3 UAS.

         The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is set forth by the DJI

Phantom 3 Specifications and Data Sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit A.

   19  
                  ii. The DJI Phantom 3 UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes
                     Enable The UASs To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.

         The DJI Phantom 3 UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous
flight modes. A complete description of the flight and navigational modes of the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS is provided at pages 25-35 of the DJI Phantom 3 and pages 12-16 User
Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit B .

                  iii. The DJI Phantom 3 UAS is Designed For Automatic Return To
                      Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link
                      Or Navigation.

         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 3 UA will remain stationary, in
flight, for 3 seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom 3 UA does not reacquire
control link data from the GCS, the UAs will assume that the Control Link is lost and the
UAs will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the
takeoff position and shutdown.

         A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS are set
forth at pages 27 through 29 of the DJI Phantom 3 User Manual, attached hereto as Exhibit
B.

                  iv. The DJI Phantom 3 GCS And Its Operation.
         A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 3
GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 32 through 43 of the DJI Phantom 3
User Manual. DJI Phantom 3 User Manual is attached hereto as Exhibits B.

            b. Flight Operations Of DJI Phantom 3 UAS is Limited To The Line Of
               Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.

         Kahelen J. Smith will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and
valid airman medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Phantom 3
UAS. Additionally, a safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.

   20  
            c. Flights Of DJI Phantom 3 UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific
               Operating Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, Kahelen J. Smith proposes to commercially operate DJI

Phantom 3 UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over

certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following
            aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less
            than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 3 Unmanned Aircraft
            Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or
            a petition to amend this grant.

         2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations
            for the purpose of aerial video and photography.

         3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.

         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
            level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating
            documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes
            reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
            times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any
            device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman
            medical certificate.

         6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not
            permitted.

         7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy
            the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
            The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
            messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
            designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
            duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO can perform the
            functions prescribed in the operating documents.

         8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing
            and avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and
            is not permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

         9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during
            UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
            discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant

   21  
            of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the
            conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence
            and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
            outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
            operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions
            and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
            The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for
            extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines
            that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted
            the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of
            exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
            questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

         10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a
             condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the
             safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the
             necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
             condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the
             preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
             documented in the aircraft records.

         11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
             operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical
             component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the
             functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

         12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g.
             inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
             relevant sections of the operating documents.

         13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
             maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

         14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
             requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
             inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts
             must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description
             of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the
             UAS to service.

         15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
             Safety Bulletins.

         16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the
             corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

         17. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current
             third- class medical certificate.

   22  
         18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the
             operator's qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate
             the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the
             exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
             appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
             qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 C.F.R.
             § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are
             permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may
             only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
             proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight
             operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
             with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
             91.119.

         19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §
             1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions
             (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA
             office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight
             rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

         20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
             denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of
             agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
             conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
             The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
             the Administrator upon request.

         21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
             horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
             PIC.

         22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
             determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered
             in accordance with the operating documents.

         23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
             emergencies in accordance with the operating documents.

         24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
             forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising
             speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power
             remaining.

         25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate
             of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the
             grant of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice
             to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48

   23  
             hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance
             with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class of airspace,
             altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

         26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by
             serial number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have
             identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45,
             Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

         27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
             and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications
             Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
             requirements.

         28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be
             available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the
             UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to the
             Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

         29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
             operations and activities at all times.

         30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

         31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
             persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons),
             vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                     persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
                     operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                     protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
                     protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
                     immediately and/or;

                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                     owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                     permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                     operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present
                     an undue hazard, and;

                  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons
                     do not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

         32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property
             with permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
             Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
             obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   24  
         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or
             vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA
             must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
             hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board
             (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

         2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
            And (b) Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         Kahelen J. Smith submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section
61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and
currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS in a
manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering Kahelen J. Smith proposed area of operations, and the operating
limitations set forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge
requirements to those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and
the airmanship skills necessary to safely operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, Kahelen J.
Smith submits that the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially
certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for Kahelen J.
Smith specific proposed flight operations.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         Kahelen J. Smith will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS unless
that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements or the DJI

   25  
Phantom 3 UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate

the DJI Phantom 3 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and

emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,

vehicles and structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent

with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a

minimum of 5 hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of

UAS to be used for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements,

the PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency

purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight

experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an

equivalent level of safety during Kahelen J. Smith proposed operations. The Administrator

has held that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with

applicable regulations would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for
         the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have
         accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of
         total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS
         pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the
         PIC must also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot
         operating the same make and model of UAS to be used for operations under the
         exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour requirements
         to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be
         included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in
         the total 25 hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the
         PIC must accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for
         currency purposes). The FAA finds that at a minimum, the flight-hour requirements
         in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice and build proficiency in the
         skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed operations. The FAA
         also finds that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance

   26  
         with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency,
         and experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption
         to accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and
         experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
         distances in accordance with 14 C.F.R 91.119.
Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

         Accordingly, Kahelen J. Smith will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC

to operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum

flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI

Phantom 3 UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and

emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels,

vehicles and structures.

         3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained

because prior to every flight, Kahelen J. Smith will ensure that the DJI Phantom 3 UAS is

in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents

and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein.

         Additionally, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific

to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.

Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,

11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained

because the altitude information of the DJI Phantom 3 UA will be provided to the PIC via

GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from

   27  
the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude
information, combined with Kahelen J. Smith operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UA within
visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to
Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS equipment installed
onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically
established by the UASs at ground level.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,
11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b)
            Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by
14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location
of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, Kahelen J. Smith will ensure that it will
safely operate the battery powered DJI Phantom 3 UA during daylight hours in VFR
conditions, with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 19.5 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least
4.5 minutes.

         Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 3
UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed
operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section
91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the DJI Phantom 3 UAS provide audible

   28  
and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAs experiences low battery voltage,
the first warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at
approximately 10% remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS will descend and land automatically.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and
operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned
aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including
Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief
from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063,
11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156,
11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
            91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
            Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Kahelen J. Smith submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by
Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met
because Kahelen J. Smith will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations,
or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 3
Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Kahelen J. Smith will document and maintain all
maintenance records for the DJI Phantom 3 UAS.

   29  
         Since the DJI Phantom 3 UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating
documents, Kahelen J. Smith will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by
Sections 91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the DJI Phantom 3 User
Manual is attached hereto as Exhibit B; a copy of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS Maintenance
LOG is attached hereto as Exhibit C.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Kahelen J.
Smith will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive
maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the
operating documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the
DJI Phantom 3 UAS will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance will be
documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is
not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the
UAS are considered.

         In consideration of Kahelen J. Smith proposed operating limitations, the operating
documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, Kahelen J. Smith submits
that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has
previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects,
to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,

   30  
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158,
11159, 11160, 11161).

         7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.
         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Kahelen J. Smith requests that
the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the DJI Phantom 3
UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds necessary to
establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H,
and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit safe
operation of the UAs for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography
over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets
forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the
NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the
authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with
any requirements that must be established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§ 21.16, for operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14
C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or
unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states
the following:
         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
         adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
         because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or
         propeller, he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product.

   31  
         The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and
         contain such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the
         FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in
         the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.

         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA

may prescribe special conditions for Leading Edge's intended operation of the DJI

Phantom 3 UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds

necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,

Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),

91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules
    From Which Kahelen J. Smith Seeks Exemption:

         Kahelen J. Smith seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
         61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
         (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

         A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Kahelen J. Smith
         Seeks:

         This exemption will permit Kahelen J. Smith to commercially operate an
         Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and
         photography over certain areas of the United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support
    Kahelen J. Smith Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain

UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Kahelen J. Smith request for exemption

may be granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as

set forth above.

   32  
         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
security; and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification.

         As discussed in detail above, Kahelen J. Smith will operate the DJI Phantom 3
UAS safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security.

                                             CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Kahelen J. Smith seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation of the DJI Phantom 3 UAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this Petition, the FAA
Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public, by allowing Kahelen
J. Smith to safely, efficiently, and economically operate the DJI Phantom 3 UAS
commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Kahelen J. Smith respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Kahelen J. Smith to operate the DJI
Phantom 3 UAS commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography

   33  
over certain areas of the United States.
Dated: June 8, 2015

                                                               Respectfully submitted,
                                                               Kahelen J. Smith

                                                               _________________________
                                                               Kahelen J. Smith
                                                               3660 S Cox Ave Apt 2907
                                                               Springfield, MO 65807
                                                               Tel: (573) 881-9494

Appendices:
A ­ DJI Phantom 3 Specifications Data Sheet
B ­ DJI Phantom 3 Manufacturer's User Manual
C ­ Monthly Maintenance Log

                                             APPENDIX ­ A
                    DJI PHANTOM 3 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Kahelen J. Smith only utilizes safe and reliable UASs. DJI is an industry leader in small
UAS production. DJI UASs are loaded with ground breaking software enabling the user to
set parameters which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be
set to limit flight to no higher than a predetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to
a predetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software provides real-time altitude and
location information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices)
    1.1 DJI Phantom 3
         1.1.1 Aircraft
               1.1.1.1 Supported Battery ­ DJI 4480mAH LiPo Battery
               1.1.1.2 Weight (Battery & Propellers Included) ­ 2lb 13.1oz (1280g)

   34  
               1.1.1.3 Hover Accuracy (Ready to Fly) ­ Vertical: +/- 0.1m; Horizontal: +/-
                 1.5m
               1.1.1.4 Max Yaw Angular Velocity - 200/s
               1.1.1.5 Max Tilt Angel - 35
               1.1.1.6 Max Ascent Speed ­ 5m/s
               1.1.1.7 Max Descent Speed ­ 3m/s
               1.1.1.8 Max Flight Speed ­ 16m/s (NOT RECOMMENDED)

         1.1.2 Gimbal
               1.1.2.1 Working Current ­ Static: 750mA; Dynamic: 900mA
               1.1.2.2 Control Accuracy - ±0.03
               1.1.2.3 Controllable Range ­ Pitch: -90 - +30
               1.1.2.4 Maximum Angular Speed ­ Pitch: 90/s

         1.1.3 Camera
               1.1.3.1 Operating Temperature Range - 32F - 104F (0C - 40C)
               1.1.3.2 Sensor Size ­ 1/2.3"
               1.1.3.3 Effective Pixels ­ 14M
               1.1.3.4 Resolution ­ 4384x3288
               4.1.3.5 HD Video Recording ­ 1080p30 & 720p
               4.1.3.6 Recording Field of View - 110/85

         1.1.4 Transmitter
               1.1.4.1 Operating Frequency ­ 2.400 GHz ­ 2.483 GHz
               1.1.4.2 Communication Distance (unobstructed) ­ FCC Compliance: 800m
               1.1.4.3 Receiver Sensitivity (1%PER) - -101dBm
               1.1.4.4 Transmitter Power ­ FCC Compliance: 100mW
               1.1.4.5 Working Voltage ­ 1.2A@7.4V

         1

                                             APPENDIX ­ B

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download

                                             APPENDIX ­ E

  

   35  
UAS                Date:                   Skyline  Air        
                                               Photo  
Phantom  3        Date        Date                           Maintenance  
                    Observed    Addressed    Issue            Performed  by:  
New  Software                            Description          
Updates  
Propellers                                      
Motors  
Camera  Gimbal                                               
                                                               
                                                                 

Landing  Gear                                                

Compass                                                       
Calibration            
                                                                 
GPS  Signal  

  

   36  
