September 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12987
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2361

Mr. Mark Dalton
Owner
Skyline Photography, LLC
152 West 900 North
Lehi, Utah 84043

Dear Mr. Dalton:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 29, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Skyline Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, aerial videos, aerial inspections, and aerial survey.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + and DJI Spreading
Wings S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Skyline Photography, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and/or closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Skyline Photography, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + and DJI Spreading Wings S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
          SKYLINE PHOTOGRAPHY LLC

May 29, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE

!Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.103(b); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Skyline Photography hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its Small
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") for aerial photography, aerial videos, aerial
inspections, and aerial survey, so long as such operations are conducted within and under
the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section
333.

The requested exemption would permit the operation of sUAS under controlled
conditions in airspace that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4)
would provide safety enhancements to the already best practices safety protocols
followed by Skyline Photography at each one of its project sites. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the
FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:

Skyline Photography, LLC
152 West 900 North Lehi Utah PH: 801-960-7316

!!!!Email: skylinephotographyllc@gmail.com
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2) 14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. 91.151 (a)
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a)
14 C.F.R. 407 (a) (1)
14 C.F.R. 409 (a) (2)
14 C.F.R. 417 (a) & (b)

!

I. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This
statutory authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of
the Act, including sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49
USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203(a) (1).

Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assists the Secretary in determining whether sUAS may
operate in the National Airspace System (NAS) without creating a hazard to the user, the
public, or a threat to national security. If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may
operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements
for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c).

Skyline Photography's sUAS are multirotor vehicles, weighing 25 or fewer lbs. including
payload. They operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and
have the capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously.
The sUAS will operate only in the Pilot's visual line of sight at all times and will operate
under the guidelines of the Flight Checklist and Pre-task Plan attached as Exhibit 1. Such
operations will insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public." Reform Act Section 333 (b).

Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted and sterile environment within
which they will operate, our application falls squarely within the zone of safety (an
equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption,
allow commercial operations of sUAS to commence immediately. Also due to the small
size of the sUAS and the low altitudes and restricted areas in which the sUAS will operate,
approval of the application presents no national security issue.

Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the
Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety, the
grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, Skyline
Photography respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay.

II. PUBLIC INTEREST

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of
Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely
in the NAS before completion of the rule making required under Section 332 of the
Reform Act. By granting an exemption the FAA will fulfill Congress's intent of allowing UAS
to operate with significant safety precautions in low risk environments.

The use of sUAS on a project site can significantly reduce the risk to workers because sUAS
can inspect, photograph, and collect data on hard to get to areas that otherwise would
require worker inspection. Falls are a leading source of workplace fatality and injury on
project sites, and reducing falls through sUAS use for site imaging could save workers
lives.

Additionally, sUAS could replace the use of helicopters and small aircraft to monitor sites.
The sUAS we propose to fly in this application are under twenty five pounds, and carry no
combustible material on board, as opposed to the much larger conventionally powered
small aircraft. Shifting to sUAS from helicopters presents a marked safety increase for our
workers and the public.

Lastly, sUAS reduce the environmental impact by dramatically decreasing the energy used
for aerial imaging and data collection over a project site. Our sUAS use rechargeable
lithium ion batteries, as opposed to fossil fuels burned in operation of small aircraft that
are many hundreds of times heavier.

III. EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Skyline Photography proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to sUAS that
have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These
limitations provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations
under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety
enhancement to the already safe protocols followed on project sites and imaging and
surveying operations conducted with helicopters and other conventional aircraft.

Skyline Photography will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS
operations under an FAA issued exemption:

1. The sUAS will be less than 55 pounds.

2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of a pilot.

3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. The UAS

calculates battery reserve in real time, and will return to its ground station with at

least 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.

4. Flights will normally be operated at an altitude of 200 feet AGL, never exceeding 400

feet AGL.

5. Any site within 5 miles of an airport will not be flown without notification and approval of
the local FAA Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) and airport controller.

6. Crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot who will keep the sUAS within his
visual line of sight at all times.

7. The sUAS Pilot will be trained in flight, operations, and safety procedures.

8. The sUAS will only operate within the establishment of a "Security Perimeter" for the
flight operations area.
9. A briefing "Pre-Task Plan" will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations
prior to each day's production activities. 

10. The property owner will consent to the UAS flyover on site by verbal or written consent.

11. Pilot will have been trained in operation of UASs generally and received up-to-date
information on the particular UAS to be operated as required.

12. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it will have capability to enter
"loiter mode" and hover, reestablish satellite connection, and return to a pre- determined
location within the Security Perimeter and land.

IV. DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the
sUAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the
equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the Pilot operating the aircraft
to have (1) completed a sUAS flight training course.

Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely
controlled with no living thing or cargo on board. Skyline Photography's sUAS is also
operated by an autopilot, which greatly reduces the danger of human error. The area of
operation is controlled and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 25 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot
nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates
exclusively within a secured area. Like other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption
will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and in compliance with local
public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation. 

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight Action

This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to ensure
the safety of flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the Pilot will take
separate preflight actions, including checking for weather conditions, checking flight
battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances, and all other actions in the
Preflight Checklist. These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety. 

14 C.F. R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d)
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the
person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA. This exemption is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a
helicopter, with vertical take off and vertical landing, which will typically operate at
altitudes of 200 AGL, so an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. The sUAS
will never operate at altitude higher than 400 AGL and will be in a restricted area with
security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without
their pre-obtained consent. 

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the sUAS as
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of
the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner
and any onsite personnel, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
operations. Unlike flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the
maximum 25 lbs. proposed herein, our sUAS will not carry flammable fuel. In addition, the
low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between sUAS operations and
the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Safety
Check list, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator
before flight.

14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. Our
sUAS is limited to operations in sterile and controlled environments, and has a limited
range and flight time which require an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a).

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 35 minutes of powered flight. To
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited
to approximately 5 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight
area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer
time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

Skyline Photography believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the
scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation
to operate without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small sUAS, in a tightly
controlled area where only people and property owners or official representatives who
have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not
engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size
and speed of the small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly
reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes, or enough
battery reserve to ensure that the sUAS lands at the ground station with at least 20% of
battery power (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the Pilot), whichever
happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its
planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F,
5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 CFR 91.405 (a); 407 (a)(1); 409 (a)(2); 417 (a) & (b): Maintenance inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections,
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in
compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to Skyline Photography Maintenance will be accomplished by
the operator by using the pre-flight checklist. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small sUAS are very limited in size and will carry a small payload
and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise
the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL.
The Pilot will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform
required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the Pilot
is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R
45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b);91.7

(a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a);
91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a
small unmanned vehicle (55lbs or less).

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUAS enhances safety while
reducing risk. Manned aircraft monitoring and surveying creates a greater risk because the
craft are much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry an onboard human pilot. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 25 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually
all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The
sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small sUAS, weighing less than 25 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of
Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow
speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity
to the ground and people.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
prior consent and knowledge. Images taken will be of individuals who have also
consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where aerial
photography will take place.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, controlled operating environment and operation within
visual line of sight provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's sUAS.

!

Sincerely yours,

                  !
                  !

Mark Dalton
Owner

!Skyline Photography

Attachment:

Exhibit 1: Flight Checklist and Pre-task Plan

!
!
