August 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12603
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1087

Mr. Travis J. Brown
Chief Operating Officer
SkyVue Technologies, LLC dba Travis Jay Brown Photography
912 South Alfred Street
Alexandria, VA 22314

Dear Mr. Brown:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated April 13, 2015, and July 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of SkyVue Technologies, LLC dba Travis Jay Brown
Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to
operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and survey, fine
art and real estate photography, agricultural and construction monitoring, and UAS operator
training1.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Phantom 3, and DJI
Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                        3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, SkyVue Technologies, LLC dba Travis Jay Brown
Photography is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, SkyVue Technologies, LLC dba Travis Jay Brown Photography is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+, DJI Phantom 3, and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
                                                                                                            4

    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                                            5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.
                                                                                               7

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 13, 2015

U.  S.  Department  of  Transportation    
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.  SE    
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
RE:  Exemption  Request  Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  
Reform  Act  of  2012    
  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:  
  
The  subject  petition  is  being  submitted  without  consulting  or  legal  services  as  
SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography  is  a  start-up  small  
business.      I  also  hold  a  Private  Pilot  Certificate  and  Instrument  Rating.    
  
Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  
Reform  Act),  and  14  C.F.R.  Part  11,  SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  
Brown  Photography  wishes  to  operate  small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (UAS)  
equipped  to  conduct  aerial  photography  and  survey  for  various  industries  and  
hereby  applies  for  an  exemption  from  the  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  (FARs)  
listed  below  to  allow  operation  of  our  UAS  commercially  in  the  National  Airspace  
System  (NAS)  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  with  and  under  the  
conditions  outlined  herein  or  as  may  be  established  by  the  FAA  as  required  by  
Section  333.  
  
The  requested  exemption  would  permit  SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  
Brown  Photography  to  pursue  its  commercial  interests  in  providing  services  to  
consumers  interested  in  aerial  photograph  using  a  small,  commercial-off-the-shelf  
(COTS)  UAS  in  the  following  areas:  
  

             · Motion Picture Filming

             · Fine Art and Real Estate Photography

             · Agricultural and Construction Monitoring

             · UAS Operator Training

             · Promoting the Safe and Effective Use of Small UAS Technology

SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography  UAS  operations  will  
only  occur  in  areas  approved  for  use  with  prior  verbal  or  written  consent.    Flight  
operations  will  not  be  conducted  under  any  circumstances  within  the  Washington,  
DC  Special  Flight  Rules  Area  (SFRA)  or  the  Washington,  DC  Flight  Restricted  Zone  
(FRZ).  
  
SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography's  UAS  flights  will  be  
piloted  by  individuals  who  hold,  at  a  minimum,  Private  Pilot  Certificates  and  if  
observers  are  not  qualified  pilots,  they  will  be  trained  by  to  understand  the  proper  
roles  of  an  observer,  communication  procedures,  proper  visual  scan  techniques,  
operations  at  non-towered  airports,  and  appropriate  sections  of  the  Aeronautical  
Information  Manual  (AIM).    Proper  training  and  safety  is  of  upmost  importance.    
  
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
  
14  C.F.R.  Part  21  
14  C.F.R.  45.23  (b)  
14  C.F.R.  61.113(a)  and  (b)  
14  C.F.R.  91.7  (a)  
14  C.F.R.  91.9  (b)  (2)  
14  C.F.R.  91.109  
14  C.F.R  .  91.119  
14  C.F.R.  91.121  
14  C.F.R.  91.151(a)  
14  C.F.R.  91.203  (a)  &  (b)  
14  C.F.R.  91.205  (b)  
14  C.F.R.  91.215  
14  C.F.R.  (91.401  -  91.417)  

Unmanned Aircraft System

SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography  requests  to operate
DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, Phantom 3, and Inspire 1 multi-rotor UAS' equipped with a
three-axis gimbaled camera. The UAS weighs less than 25 lbs, have a built-in capability
to limit the height the UAS flies above the ground, to limit the radius of the distance it
flies from the operator and to exclude it from Class A, B, C and D airspace including a no
fly zones. Each system also has the failsafe function of the autopilot system, which means
when the communication between the main controller and the transmitter is lost, the
system will automatically "return to home" and will land safely. These UAS are
considered COTS products and will not be altered or modified in any way.

The petitioner will only operate its UAS in line-of-sight of a pilot and/or observer and
will operate at sites that are a safe distance from populated areas. UAS operators will
insure that the UAS will create a nuisance or hazard for users of the NAS, the general
public, livestock, pets, or wildlife.

When conducting UAS flights within 3 miles of an airport, airport operators will be
notified and the UAS operator will give the right-of-way to avoid flying in the proximity
of full-scale aircraft.
The maximum flight time for each operational flight will not exceed 60 minutes.

Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 60
minute limit.

The UAS will be programmed so that it will not be operated at an altitude of no more
than 600 feet AGL.

The UAS operator will be an FAA licensed airman holding, at a minimum an FAA
Private Pilot Certificate.

The UAS proposed by the petitioner weighs less than 55 pounds, including the payload
(i.e. camera, lens, and gimbal).

The UAS will operate at speeds not to exceed 55 knots.

Given the small size of the UAS and the restricted environment within which they
operate, the proposed UAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.

All UAS operators will be appropriately trained in small UAS operations including
familiarization with all applicable regulations and guidance documents; local area charts,
current NOTAMS and Aircraft Circulars; Radio Communications Procedures; Human
Factors and Crew Resource Management; Basic Small UAS Aerodynamics; Weather
factors; Airmanship and Decision-making and Safe Operating Procedures.

SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography requests exemption
under Section 333 to enable to operate safe, low-risk commercial small UAV operations
for the activities summarized in this request.

Sincerely,

Travis J. Brown
Chief Operating Officer
SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography
Alexandria, VA 22314
travis@travisjaybrown.com
(571) 344-3554

Attachments:
    A. Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety
    B. Maintenance Log
    C. Flight Log
                                          ATTACHMENT A

EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

SkyVue  Technologies,  LLC  d/b/a  Travis  Jay  Brown  Photography requests an
exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that may
apply to the operation of the UAS:

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While
the FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial
Systems, we request an experimental certificate be issued for the DJI Phantom 2 Vision
Plus, Phantom 3, and Inspire 1 UAS.

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's
registration number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display
the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. The small UAS does not have an entrance in which the
word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and may not have a registration number
assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by
including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the placard on the top of the UAS.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and
61.133 Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.

The regulation provides that no person that holds a Private Pilot certificate may act as
Pilot in Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a
private pilot to act as Pilot in Command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and (2)
The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire. Our proposed
operations require that the PIC must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate issued by the
FAA and since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we meet the
intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct
a business.

14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate.

As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this
Regulation is inapplicable.
14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved
flight manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure
that flight manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We
request an exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry
documentation, the documentation would not be available to the crew during flight
operations. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we
propose that a current, approved UAS Flight Manual must be available to the crew at the
ground station at all times.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight
tests

The regulation states "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." The UAS System
ground-based control station consists of a small hand-held radio transmitter and while it
does not offer a second set of "controls", both the student and instructor can, and will,
operate the single set of controls simultaneously. With both student and instructor having
"hands-on" the controls during flight, we feel that this technique meets the intent 91.109
and provides an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission
of the UAS would be photography or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it
would be necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. Operations will
only be flown over property or persons where permission has been obtained either
verbally or in writing. The aircraft will be operated at a low altitude allowing, if there is a
loss of propulsion, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on
the surface. Therefore we maintain that due to the small size of the UAS, the hazard to
persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft, which should be
considered in granting the exemption.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an
altimeter setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The UAS will always fly below
600 feet AGL and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict
with other aircraft. An AGL altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted
via radio from the UAS on-board computer to the display screen held by the UAS
operator, providing a constantly updated AGL readout.
14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to
fly after that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide
an energy reserve as a safety buffer for delays to landing. The UAS are battery operated
and the maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is 12-45 (depending on
which UAS) minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the aircraft will never fly more than 1/2
NM from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will ensure that we
meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. We also request exemption from
the 30 min reserve and ask that our reserve will be to fly the mission to the point of
intended landing and have at least a 20% battery reserve after that.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number
assigned to the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft.
Additionally, subparagraph (b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at
the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew." A small UAS is
too small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of
carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent
of 91.203, we propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA
will be collocated with the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection
upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on
airworthiness and registration certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via
placard containing the following information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to
satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance,
Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the
aircraft in an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs
91.407 and 91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person
authorized under 43.7" after maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC
perform maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized to approve the
aircraft for return to service." The UAS operator will ensure that the aircraft is in an
airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition, conduct detailed inspections
after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the UAS operator is limited to
repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical and updating software
and firmware for the on-board computer. All other maintenance will be performed by the
manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The UAS operator will document work
performed in accordance with 91.417 in the attached Maintenance Log.
      ATTACHMENT B

      MAINTENANCE LOG

MODEL: _______________________ SERIAL NUMBER: __________________

DATE  SUMMARY OF MAINTENANCE  SIGNATURE    RETURN
                                         TO SERVICE
                           ATTACHMENT B

                           FLIGHT LOG

DATE  LOCATIO  OPERATOR &  CUSTOMER  MISSION      DO VFR  AIRSAPCE  NOTES
            N   OBSERVER                      CONDITIONS   STATUS
                    NAME
                                                   EXIST
