April 24, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11422
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0154

Mr. Michael J. Murphy
CEO
Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
1802 North Magnolia Avenue
Clovis, CA 93619

Dear Mr. Murphy:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct inspections of hydroelectric system assets, specifically remote penstocks,
flow lines, dams, and reservoirs; remote or impassable section of natural gas and/or oil
pipelines; and bridges supporting gas and oil pipelines.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                               2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Rotomotion SR­15.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Rotomotion SR­15
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
1802 N Magnolia Ave, Clovis, CA 93619
Tel 559.547.8884
soar@soarhere.com
www.soarhere.com

                                       January 21, 2015

Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
                                  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.

The Honorable Mr. Anthony Foxx
United States Secretary of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington DC, 20590

Re: Exemption Request under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
         (Public Law 112-95) from 14 CFR 21; 14 CFR 36, 45.23; 45.27, 45.29; 61.113; 91.9(b)
         (2); 91.103(b); 119(c); 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2);
         91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Mr. Secretary,

In accordance with §333(c) of the Federal Aviation Administration Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012, Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. is requesting permission to use its Rotomotion
SR-15 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) to perform inspections of hydroelectric system assets,
specifically remote penstocks, flow lines, dams, and reservoirs; remote or impassable sections
of natural gas and/or oil pipelines; and bridges supporting gas and/oil pipelines. This letter
contains an explanation of how these exemptions are in the public interest and maintain at least
an equal level of safety to existing regulations, as well as documentation pertaining to the
waiver requests as per 14 CFR Part 11. Additionally, this letter includes an attachment with the
UAS Operations Guide delineating the operations, procedures, and operating system of the SR-
15 UAS.

Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. is focused on public safety while supporting companies in
meeting extant and forthcoming regulatory compliance measures associated with the operation
and maintenance of hydroelectric and natural gas pipeline projects. Soar Environmental
Consulting personnel have over 20 years of direct field and management experience with
penstock and pipeline inspections, regulatory requirements, and compliance management. Not
only does our company provide solutions through the use of environmental consulting, auditing
and management services, but we also have the distinct advantage of having a working
knowledge within the utility industries, understand endemic inspection requirements, and know
the requirements for conducting work in remote locations.

Soar Environmental Consulting would like incorporate UAS technology coupled with qualified
pilots into our commercial portfolio. Our proposal to meet inspection requirements of the
hydroelectric and natural gas pipeline industry through UAS operation is directly correlated to
the remote locale, the complex regulatory structure, and the safety risks associated with the
current practice of operating and maintaining these assets. Our UAS inspection operations will
be in the best interest of the public, providing a safer alternative to the extant potentially
dangerous task of inspecting in remote or inaccessible areas. Soar will be responsible for

1/21/2015                                                Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                                                                     FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                           2

ensuring compliance with applicable Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and International
Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) regulations in relation to this operation and Best
Management Practices will be implemented for regulations that are not applicable to this
operation.

Performing aerial inspections utilizing an unmanned system is a benefit to the public interest in
multiple ways:

    1. Personnel Safety

              a. Capital assets, such as penstocks, dams, pipelines, and bridges often times span
                   over areas where terrain is unstable, vertical, or simply too dangerous for foot
                   travel. Field inspections leave employees vulnerable to environmental hazards
                   such as snow and ice accumulation, stream crossing, seasonal water runoff,
                   felled trees and blocked paths; biological hazards, such as poison ivy, snakes,
                   and natural predators; and extreme temperature changes which may cause
                   altitude sickness, heat stroke or frost bite. The utilization of our UAV will ensure
                   access to these areas while minimizing risk of serious injury or issue to personnel
                   assigned to conduct these inspections.

    2. Access to remote or impassable areas

              a. Segments of penstocks, dams, pipelines, and bridges may currently be or
                   become unreachable, partially obscured, or impracticable for inspection by
                   conventional means, such as physically walking the line, or utilizing airplane or
                   helicopters for inspections. Access to assets can also be partially or completely
                   blocked by environmental singularities, such as storm events, snow loading,
                   felled trees, or vegetation growth, or blocked by mechanical means such as
                   vehicle accidents, new construction, or road maintenance. The use of our UAV
                   will ensure access to remote or impassable areas on an as-needed basis as well
                   as during or after uncontrolled singular events.

    3. Ensure regulatory requirements are actualized

              a. Regulatory requirements, including but not limited to those enforced by the
                   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Department of Transportation's Office
                   of Pipeline Safety, the California Public Utilities Commission and/or other federal,
                   state and county agencies in general mandate that public entities and private
                   corporations maintain and inspect the aforementioned assets on a periodic basis
                   to ensure public safety and proper operation. As discussed, some of these
                   assets are currently unreachable, partially obscured, or impracticable for
                   inspection by conventional means, such as physically walking the line, or utilizing
                   airplane or helicopters for inspections. The use of a UAV to conduct these
                   inspections will supplement extensive, comprehensive maintenance programs
                   where needed and will ensure regulatory compliance measures are fully
                   actualized, which in turn reinforces public safety standards and adherence to
                   extant and forthcoming regulatory requirements.

    4. Cost Effectiveness

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                   4

Petition for Exemption under §333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
                                  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.

Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. requests an exemption under Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 for commercial flight of its Rotomotion SR-15 UAS. Soar
Environmental Consulting, Inc. is a Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise (DVBE) small
business located in Clovis, California. Soar Environmental Consulting provides environmental
consulting, regulatory compliance management solutions, and inspection services to
commercial and government operations. With approval of this petition, Soar Environmental
Consulting will utilize our UAS to perform inspections of hydroelectric system assets, specifically
remote penstocks, flow lines, dams, and reservoirs; remote or impassable sections of natural
gas and/or oil pipelines; and bridges supporting gas and/oil pipelines. Proposed operations will
be performed in full compliance with aviation safety regulations, maintained at or below 400 feet
AGL and in Line-of-sight with the Pilot-in-Command (PIC). As per 14 CFR §11.81, this petition
for exemption is prepared and filed in accordance with regulation to request exemptions from
the Federal Aviation Regulations pertaining to operation of a UAS so that operations can be
commercially completed in accordance to all applicable FARs that would pertain to a small UAS.
Specifically, 14 CFR §11.81 states:

         "You must include the following information in your petition for an exemption and submit
         it to FAA as soon as you know you need an exemption.

                   (a) Your name and mailing address and, if you wish, other contact information
                   such as a fax number, telephone number, or e-mail address;
                   (b) The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which you seek an
                   exemption;
                   (c) The extent of relief you seek, and the reason you seek the relief;
                   (d) The reasons why granting your request would be in the public interest; that is,
                   how it would benefit the public as a whole;
                   (e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or
                   how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided
                   by the rule from which you seek the exemption;
                   (f) A summary we can publish in the FEDERAL REGISTER, stating:

                             (1) The rule from which you seek the exemption; and
                             (2) A brief description of the nature of the exemption you seek;
                   (g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support your
                   request; and
                   (h) If you want to exercise the privileges of your exemption outside the United
                   States, the reason why you need to do so."

IAW 14 CFR §11.81, Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. submits the following information:

(a) Name and mailing address
        I. Michael J. Murphy
              1802 N Magnolia Ave
              Clovis, Ca 93619
              559.547.8884
              mjmurphy@soarhere.com

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                 5

(b) The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which exemption is sought

        I. 14 CFR 21
       II. 14 CFR 36
      III. 14 CFR 45.23, 45.27
      IV. 14 CFR 45.29
       V. 14 CFR 61.113
      VI. 14 CFR 91.9
     VII. 14 CFR 91.103
    VIII. 14 CFR 91.119
      IX. 14 CFR 91.151
       X. 14 CFR 91.203
      XI. 14 CFR 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417

(c) The extent of relief sought is for the duration of the Grant of Exemption, unless otherwise
    specified. The reason to seek the relief is as follows:

        I. 14 CFR 21

             i. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. requests relief from 14 CFR part 21. The
                 UAV is a small rotorcraft weighing less than 25 pounds during operation. The
                 UAV maximum speed is 25mph and the operating area will be limited to
                 remote or impassable locations where vehicular traffic is non-existent or
                 controlled. The PIC will maintain VFR Rules and operate the UAV during the
                 day, at or below 400 feet AGL and in line-of-sight so as not to create a hazard
                 to users of the National Airspace System or the Public or pose a threat to
                 national security.

II. 14 CFR 36

              i. Soar Environmental Consulting requests relief from any associated noise
                  certification and testing requirements of part 36. As a note, according to the
                  manufacturer's specifications, the UAV operates below 40db within 50
                  meters.

III. 14 CFR 45.23, 45.27

              i. The UAV does not currently display marks consisting of the Roman capital
                  letter "N" followed by the registration number of the aircraft in compliance with
                  14 CFR 45.23 and 14 CFR 45.27. Soar Environmental Consulting will
                  register the UAV with the FAA and ensure UAV is marked as appropriate
                  before using the UAV in the NAS for commercial purposes.

IV. 14 CFR 45.29

              i. Soar Environmental Consulting request relief from the size requirements
                  under this section due to the size limitations of the UAV. We propose to use
                  marks as large as possible on the UAV as well as keep registration
                  information with the PIC during operation.

V. 14 CFR 61.113

1/21/2015         Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                              FAA 333 Exemption Petition
           6

              i. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. currently does not have commercial pilot
                  licenses and requests relief from 14 CFR part 61.113 for a period not to
                  extend one year from Grant of Exemption to acquire the appropriate
                  commercial pilot licenses for any and all PICs operating the UAV. Soar
                  Environmental Consulting, Inc. will require that all PICs hold a minimum of a
                  Private Pilot License with a third class airman medical certificate for the one
                  year exemption period. This one-year exemption will give pilots enough time
                  to acquire the necessary hours and skills to become commercial pilots. We
                  hope the FAA considers this exemption noting that these operations will be in
                  remote areas with controlled or no access, that private pilots have parallel
                  aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of commercial requirements,
                  and the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially
                  certificated pilot may not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for
                  operating a UAS.

VI. 14 CFR 91.9

              i. Relevant materials shall be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in
                  compliance with the regulations.

VII. 14 CFR 91.103

                i. In regards to 91.103(b), the UAV will not be operated within any Class B, C,
                    or D airspace; but, the PIC will follow all other applicable pre-flight actions
                    including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landings, and takeoff
                    distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

VIII. 14 CFR 91.119(c)

              i. Soar Environmental Consulting requests relief from this section because the
                  UAV will be operated below 400 feet AGL. The PIC will ensure the UAV is
                  operated in controlled environments outside of populated areas away from
                  public and traffic; avoiding of areas which are depicted in "yellow" on VFR
                  charts, as well as obtaining and assessing information regarding congested
                  areas from the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) and avoiding
                  areas of congestion. The UAV will not be operated within 500 feet of vehicles
                  or objects in open areas. Soar Environmental Consulting requests that if
                  barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UAV or debris in the event of an accident, the PIC may
                  operate closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The
                  operator will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
                  protection.

IX. 14 CFR 91.151

              i. Soar Environmental Consulting requests exemption from this section due to
                  the maximum flight time available from this UAV. The UAV total flight time is
                  limited to 35 minutes and therefore the PIC would not be able to meet the
                  minimum standards and still conduct the inspections. The UAS is equipped
                  with a visual battery indicator that displays the battery levels at all time.

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                              7

                 Additionally, the UAS has a visual alarm that indicates when the battery
                 reaches a state of 20% battery life, or approximately 7 minutes of flight time.
                 These indicators, coupled with pilot awareness and the emergency return-to-
                 station setting will supply ample time to land the UAV safely in the event of
                 low battery.

X. 14 CFR 91.203

             i. Soar Environmental Consulting requests relief from 14 CFR 91.203 as the
                 appropriate airworthiness certificate does not exist for this UAS. Additionally,
                 the certificate cannot be displayed in the aircraft due to the size and physical
                 structure of the UAV.

      XI. 14 CFR 91.405, 407, 409, 417

                    i. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. requests relief from 14 CFR 91.405, 407,
                        409, and 417 The above-cited regulations require, in general, aircraft owners
                        and operators to inspect the aircraft "...as prescribed in subpart E of this part
                        and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c)
                        of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
                        chapter." These regulations apply to aircraft with an Airworthiness Certificate.
                        Therefore, these sections are not applicable to this UAS. Operators will
                        adhere to requirements located within the operations manual.

(d) The reasons why granting this request would be in the public interest; that is, how it would
    benefit the public as a whole

        I. Personnel Safety

           i. Capital assets, such as penstocks, dams, pipelines, and bridges often times
              span over areas where terrain is unstable, vertical, or simply too dangerous
              for foot travel. Field inspections leave employees vulnerable to
              environmental hazards such as snow and ice accumulation, stream crossing,
              seasonal water runoff, felled trees and blocked paths; biological hazards,
              such as poison ivy, snakes, and natural predators; and extreme temperature
              changes which may cause altitude sickness, heat stroke or frost bite. The
              utilization of our UAV will ensure access to these areas while minimizing risk
              of serious injury or issue to personnel assigned to conduct these inspections.

II. Access to remote or impassable areas

           i. Segments of penstocks, dams, pipelines, and bridges may currently be or
              become unreachable, partially obscured, or impracticable for inspection by
              conventional means, such as physically walking the line, or utilizing airplane
              or helicopters for inspections. Access to assets can also be partially or
              completely blocked by environmental singularities, such as storm events,
              snow loading, felled trees, or vegetation growth, or blocked by mechanical
              means such as vehicle accidents, new construction, or road maintenance.
              The use of our UAV will ensure access to remote or impassable areas on an
              as-needed basis as well as during or after uncontrolled singular events.
              Additionally, many of the areas with hydroelectric or natural gas pipelines

1/21/2015                                 Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                                                      FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                           8

                        transect regions that contain environmental sensitive flora and fauna. The
                        use of our UAV for inspecting in these remote areas will limit potential
                        environmental damage to sensitive, protected, threatened or endangered
                        flora and fauna from foot traffic and could reduce the current necessary
                        vegetation maintenance required to access sensitive areas that are dispersed
                        throughout the projects.

      III. Ensure regulatory and public safety requirements are actualized

                    i. Regulatory requirements, including but not limited to those enforced by the
                        Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Department of Transportation's
                        Office of Pipeline Safety, the California Public Utilities Commission and/or
                        other federal, state and county agencies, mandate that public entities and
                        private corporations maintain and inspect the aforementioned assets on a
                        periodic basis to ensure public safety and proper operation. Some of these
                        assets are currently unreachable, partially obscured, or impracticable for
                        inspection by conventional means, such as physically walking the line, or
                        utilizing airplane or helicopters for inspections. This UAV carries a Sony
                        FCB-EX980 High Resolution video camera with 26x zoom which will allow
                        viewing and recording of assets for critical infrastructure evaluation, such as
                        rust accumulation, cracks, leaks, concrete damage, spalling, paint condition,
                        etc. The recording can then be reviewed by technical experts at any time and
                        archived for future condition comparison and filed to meet regulatory
                        requirements. The use of a UAV to conduct these inspections will
                        supplement extensive, comprehensive maintenance programs where needed
                        and will ensure regulatory compliance measures are fully actualized, which in
                        turn reinforces public safety standards, confirms structures are up to code,
                        and ensures adherence to extant and forthcoming regulatory requirements.

      IV. Cost Effectiveness

                    i. Currently, multiple personnel consisting of agency officials, employees and/or
                        contractors are often required to conduct field inspections on large projects
                        over vast amounts of terrain in order to ensure public safety and meet
                        regulatory requirements. Inspections can require a substantial amount of
                        person-hours and persist for days or weeks at a time due to terrain and
                        accessibility issues. Factoring in engineering, planning & scheduling, safety
                        meetings, mileage, recovered man-hours, potential down time due to injury,
                        potential worker's compensation savings, and the intangible consideration of
                        keeping employees injury-free, the current system of inspecting these assets
                        becomes cost-prohibitive. UAV inspections in select areas are timelier, safer
                        and more efficient than the conventional methods for conducting these
                        inspections. Our UAV inspections will free up otherwise occupied
                        employees, and provide a more economic approach to the traditional
                        inspection, thus lowering operational costs. Lower overhead for corporations
                        could lead to end-user savings such as decreased utility bills.

(e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
    exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from
    which the exemption is sought

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
           9

 I. The UAV consists of a lightweight, battery powered rotocraft, a personal computer-
        based ground control station, and associated communications equipment. The
        rotocraft length is 47", width of 16.5" and a height of 20.5" which can operate at a
        maximum speed of about 22 knots. The UAS is equipped with a visual battery
        indicator that displays the battery levels at all time. Pilots are trained to monitor the
        battery indication lights during flights. Additionally, the UAS has a visual alarm that
        indicates when the battery reaches a state of 20% battery life, or approximately 7
        minutes of flight time. The UAS consists of an autonomous flight mode with point-
        and-click waypoints overlaid on a GPS map as well as a hand-held Spektrum DX-8
        controller. The PIC will primarily utilize the autonomous mode for flights; but, the
        Spektrum DX-8 controller will be at hand and available for emergency use. Also, the
        PIC can modify the flight plan of the UAV at any time using the flight management
        interface or by manual take-over via the Spektrum DX-8 controller. In autonomous
        mode, the PIC can instruct the UAV to hold position with the click of a button, or
        return to the Home waypoint, The UAV has an emergency return to Home waypoint
        in the event of signal loss.

 II. The aircraft will be operated with both a PIC and a ground-based Visual Observer
        (VO) in accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14, Operational
        Requirements for UAS. All flights will occur at no more than 400 feet above ground
        level (AGL); operations will be conducted in remote or inaccessible regions with the
        permission of the land owner; and all required permits will be obtained from state and
        local government before operation. The UAV will not be operated within 500 feet of
        vehicles or objects in open areas, unless barriers or structures are present that can
        sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UAV or debris in the event of an
        accident. The PIC will file a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) providing location and a
        date/time for each operation and a VFR Flight Following, if necessary.

III. The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas; at air shows or over
        an open-air assembly of people; over heavily trafficked roads; or within 5 nautical
        miles of an airport or heliport. Flight operations will be limited to day, visual
        meteorological conditions and the aircraft will remain within visual line of sight of the
        PIC at all times.

IV. This exemption will provide a greater level of safety to that provided by the rule from
        which the exemption is sought due to the current nature of conducting inspections in
        remote regions. Because UAS flights are not currently authorized for commercial
        use, methods for inspecting remote assets are limited to pedestrian or helicopter
        operations. Where helicopter operations are not feasible due to environmental or
        mechanical obstructions, deep canyons, steep montane regions or closeness of
        objects, utilizing the UAV will provide a safe alternative to the inherent dangers of
        walking through these regions to conduct the required inspections. The small size,
        extreme maneuverability and zoom capabilities on the camera allow for a safe,
        unimpeded inspection of critical infrastructure assets. A universal example of
        application would be monitoring the downstream face of a large concrete dam for
        cracking or block movement. As one may envision, walking up the face of a
        concrete dam is extremely dangerous, if at all possible, and dropping a helicopter
        into a steep canyon is also an extreme risk. However, utilizing our UAV in this
        instance would keep everyone safe, meet regulatory requirements and provide a
        necessary, desirable and more accurate depiction of the dam condition. Conducting

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                         10

              inspections such as these are in the public interest, provide a safer alternative, and
              produce more accurate data for engineering evaluation.

(f) Summary to publish in the Federal Register
        I. The rule from which exemption is sought

                    i. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. seeks exemption under §333 of the FAA
                        Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112-95) from 14 CFR 21;
                        14 CFR 36, 45.23; 45.27, 45.29; 61.113; 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 119(c);
                        91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2);
                        91.417(a)&(b)

       II. A brief description of the nature of the exemption sought

                    i. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. requests an exemption under Section
                        333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 for commercial flight
                        of its Rotomotion SR-15 UAS. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. is a
                        Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise (DVBE) small business located in
                        Clovis, California. Soar Environmental Consulting provides environmental
                        consulting, regulatory compliance management solutions, and inspection
                        services to commercial and government operations. With approval of this
                        petition, Soar Environmental Consulting will utilize our UAS to perform
                        inspections of hydroelectric system assets, specifically remote penstocks,
                        flow lines, dams, and reservoirs; remote or impassable sections of natural
                        gas and/or oil pipelines; and bridges supporting gas and/oil pipelines.
                        Proposed operations will be performed in full compliance with aviation safety
                        regulations, maintained at or below 400 feet AGL and in Line-of-sight with the
                        Pilot-in-Command (PIC). As per 14 CFR §11.81, this petition for exemption is
                        prepared and filed in accordance with regulation to request exemptions from
                        the Federal Aviation Regulations pertaining to operation of a UAS so that
                        operations can be commercially completed in accordance to all applicable
                        FARs that would pertain to a small UAS.

(g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support request

        I. We here at Soar Environmental Consulting are requesting this exemption because
              we strongly believe in the continuous improvement of safety measures that offer to
              protect our field personnel from the inherent dangers of the work environment, while
              striving to exceed regulatory compliance standards set forth for the safe and practical
              operation and maintenance of our hydroelectric and natural gas pipelines. The use
              of Unmanned Aircraft Systems affords us a great opportunity to reach both of these
              goals. Through adopting and utilizing UAS technological advancements within these
              fields, we are unlocking the potential to create a safer workplace for our loved ones,
              ensure regulatory requirements are exceeded, and build inspection data with which
              we can improve and protect the infrastructure of these crucial industries. We look
              forward to working with the FAA in meeting and exceeding these goals in the near
              future.

(h) Request to exercise the privileges of this exemption outside the United States

1/21/2015  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc.
                       FAA 333 Exemption Petition
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

           Soar Environmental Consulting
                UAS Operations Manual

 I. Purpose

             a. This Department Order addresses the safe handling and operations of the
                  Rotomotion SR-15 Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) to perform flight operations
                  during inspections of structures and other assets. This UAS Operations Manual
                  contains instruction and explanation on correct and safe operating procedures
                  within the National Airspace System as required by the Federal Aviation
                  Administration.

II. Scope

             a. The scope of this order applies to flight of the UAS utilized for the expressed
                  purpose of inspecting specific hydroelectric system assets, specifically remote
                  penstocks, flow lines, dams, and reservoirs; remote or impassable sections of
                  natural gas and/or oil pipelines; and bridges supporting gas and/oil pipelines.
                  Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. will utilize the UAS to perform structure
                  evaluations and asset compliance inspections on remote assets by qualified and
                  trained personnel that carry current required pilot license and applicable medical
                  certificate.

III. General Responsibility and Authority

             a. Managers

                        i. Managers are responsible for purchase, maintenance, storage, security,
                            and oversight related to the proper management and functional use of the
                            UAS.

                       ii. Managers are responsible for UAS registration, ensuring training is
                            completed by manufacturer or qualified trainers, and ensuring
                            administrative records are maintaining for UAS operation in accordance
                            with regulatory requirements.

             b. Pilot in Charge (PIC)

                        i. The PIC is responsible for determining whether the UAS is in condition for
                            safe flight. The PIC shall discontinue the flight when unairworthy
                            mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur. The PIC is directly
                            responsible for the operation of the UAS and the safety of the operation.

                       ii. The PIC is responsible for following the flight preparation checklists and
                            ensuring the operation complies with applicable regulations and ensures
                            application of Best Management Practices for other operations not
                            covered by applicable regulations.

21-Jan-15                                 Page |1
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

                       iii. The PIC conducts a detailed inspection of the UAV after every 10 hours
                            of flight. The PIC can perform maintenance on the UAV limited to
                            repairing small cracks and/ or replacing rotors. All other maintenance will
                            be performed by the manufacturer or a designated qualified person.

             c. Observer

                        i. The Observer is responsible for maintaining visual contact with the UAV
                            and scanning the flight area for air traffic, pedestrians, vehicles, or other
                            obstacles that may have an impact on flight safety.

                       ii. The Observer is responsible for relaying to the PIC information related to
                            air traffic, pedestrians, vehicles or other objects that may have an impact
                            on flight safety, in a timely manner.

                       iii. The Observer coordinates any required communication between the PIC
                            and other individuals.

IV. Description of UAS

             a. The UAS is an autonomous Unmanned Aircraft System complete with automatic
                  takeoff and a computer guided landing system. The system consists of the SR-
                  15 rotocraft, a laptop-based ground control unit, and supporting telemetry.

             b. No manual piloting is required during a mission cycle. The modes can be
                  switched between semi and fully and autonomous flight control during flight, if
                  necessary. Several modes are available, including teleop (joystick, fly-by-wire)
                  and waypoint. The autonomous flight control system utilizes an advanced,
                  stable-hover control system auto-takeoff and landing, unlimited number of
                  programmable waypoints, "point and click" waypoints on map underlay, and
                  joystick control. Pre-planned flight paths are created in autonomous mode by
                  clicking on the map underlay on the UAS Ground Control Station (GCS) to create
                  a preplanned flight path. To clear the flight plan, simply click the "x" button on the
                  controller. Adjustments to speed and altitude can be made for each waypoint
                  during the flight by highlighting the waypoint and inputting the change in speed or
                  altitude in the coordinating boxes. Return-to-Home waypoints, Minimum Safe
                  Altitude, and velocity are entered during preflight ensuring the UAV operates only
                  within specified parameters.

V. Description of the GCS

             a. The UAS GCS allows the operator simultaneous control over aircraft and camera
                  functions. The touch screen control allows for quick navigation and data entry
                  while the display screen provides all essential flight data to the PIC. Telemetry
                  data is transmitted to the command station at least once per second.

             b. The GCS displays the following information:

                        i. Video camera view
                       ii. GPS Map underlay with asset delineation as necessary

21-Jan-15                      Page |2
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

                       iii. UAV Latitude and Longitude
                      iv. UAV position, altitude and heading
                       v. Return-to-Home location
                      vi. North seeking arrow
                      vii. Date/time
                     viii. Altitude AGL
                      ix. Relative horizontal position
                       x. UAV HZ, RSSI, AFCS Voltage, Servo Voltage, GPS Satellite availability,

                            GPS VDOP, Battery Voltage and RSSI reading and conditions

VI. Description of the UAV

             a. The UAV can fly with a maximum takeoff wind of up to 15 mph and maximum
                  sustained wind of up to 19.88 mph. The UAV automatically compensates for
                  wind during all phases of flight and will remain steady in the air even when winds
                  are reaching the maximum threshold.

             b. The UAV has a maximum operational range of up to 20km (10.77nm).

             c. All flight operations are controlled with GPS waypoints, making the system
                  extremely easy to command and control. The UAV holds position and altitude if
                  no commands are given by the PIC.

             d. Camera positioning is manually controlled with left-hand buttons of the controller,
                  but will automatically "lock" onto a target during slow turns or altitude
                  adjustments. The camera will remain fixed on the target, which allows for better
                  inspection capabilities, until the camera is manually moved from the target, or the
                  target is no longer in the camera's field of vision.

             e. The UAV contains several safety features to ensure a safe flight. Onboard
                  system error handling allows the UAV to detect system errors while in flight and
                  return to the preset home waypoint automatically. System error handling
                  includes loss of communication and low battery levels.

             f. The UAV can be operated entirely with the GCS map based interface. The PIC
                  only needs to click a location on the map, and the system will create a waypoint
                  and command the UAV to fly to that waypoint on the map. All flights are
                  recorded with map information and flight plans for archiving or future review.

             g. Two high-duration, self-contained Lithium polymer batteries operate the UAV.
                  The GCS laptop has its own battery and the telemetry require standard 110v
                  electricity for operation. Charging the batteries is completed with a battery
                  charger in 45 minutes and can be accomplished via standard outlet or vehicle.

             h. The UAV is equipped with an Inertial Navigation System consisting of a 3-axis
                  gyroscope, a 3-axis magnetometer, GPS receiver, and a static pressure sensor.

             i. The UAV is equipped with vertical lift autonomous takeoff and assisted recovery.
                  A Return-to-Home waypoint is designated by the operators and identified in the

21-Jan-15                      Page |3
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

           GCS software. During launch initiation, the rotocraft will takeoff and hover 3
           meters directly above the takeoff area and await further instruction.

VII. UAS Specification Sheet

Item                  Specification
Length                1,195 mm, 47"
Width                 410 mm, 16.5"
Height                520 mm, 20.5"
Main Rotor (M/R)      1,390 mm, 54.7"
Diameter
Tail Rotor (M/R)      260 mm, 10.2"
Diameter
Transmission          Direct Drive
Tail Rotor            Shaft Drive
Dry Weight            8.2 Lbs, 3.72 Kg
Engine                2,200W Electric Motor (25V)
Energy Capacity       32V Battery 11,200 mAh (battery charge rate 45 minutes)
Climb Rate            122 mpm, 400 fpm (AFCS regulated)
Maximum Speed         11 mps, 36 fps [40 kph, 25 mph] (AFCS regulated)
Endurance             ~ 30 Minutes
Maximum Range         20 Kilometers
Operating Ceiling     500 Meters
Payload               With Battery and Pan & Tilt Sensor Platform Installed:
                      1.5 Lbs or .7 Kg, sufficient to carry Sony FCB-EX980 day video
Operating             camera, FLIR TAU 2 Series I/R Camera, multi- spectral camera, or
Temperatures          small SLR digital camera.
Stealth               -20C to 50C
Can Be Weatherized
Maximum Takeoff       Yes (40 db at 50 m)
Wind                  No
Maximum Sustained     24km/h
Winds
Minimum               32km/h
Takeoff/Landing Area
Time to Deployment    5m x 5m
Time to Refuel and
Redeploy              5 Minutes
Telemetry             3 Minutes
Flight Control
Software              802.11-based, LOS Long-range option up to 5 Kilometer range
                      Fully autonomous flight with auto-takeoff and landing, unlimited
Ground Control        number of programmable waypoints, "point and click" waypoints on
Software              map overlay, joystick control
Safety Controller     Included with system and provides command and control and
                      sensor data on screen with audible warning system

                          a) GHz DSM2, 800 yards, LOS range

21-Jan-15                      Page |4
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

VIII. Flight Preparation Checklists ­ Flight Operations Area

               a. Prior to starting operations, The PIC will ensure the UAS is operated in controlled
                    environments, outside of populated areas, away from public and traffic; avoiding
                    of areas which are depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts, as well as obtaining and
                    assessing information regarding congested areas from the local Flight Standards
                    District Office (FSDO) and avoiding areas of congestion.

               b. The PIC will file a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) providing location and a date/time
                    for each operation and request a VFR Flight Following, if necessary.

               c. The PIC will check the current ATIS with the jurisdictional Air Traffic Control
                    Center on the day of the flight prior to setting up the UAS.

               d. The PIC will adhere to the following:

                          i. Ensure launch and recovery zone is free and clear of debris.

                         ii. Ensure launch and recovery zone is clearly marked for safety.

                        iii. Conduct a safety and flight tailboard with all involved personnel on
                              hazards in the area, flight mission, and flight operations area.

                        iv. Ensure control of area, vehicular and pedestrian traffic is in place.

                         v. Check ATIS report within 30 minutes of flight to ensure weather
                              minimums are met for operation.

                                   1. VFR conditions; clear-of-clouds

                                   2. IFR conditions are not authorized at any time

 IX. Flight Preparation Checklists ­ Preflight Airframe Check

               a. Remove cab and inspect main gears for wear or damage

               b. Visually inspect airframe

               c. Visually inspect landing gear

               d. Visually inspect rotor integrity

                          i. Check tension on rotors and ensure rotors are straightened

                         ii. Check for debris on rotors

               e. Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station) including backup
                    batteries and ensure all telemetry is connected to energy supply source and the
                    energy source is in working condition

21-Jan-15                      Page |5
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING                              DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                                                      Draft 1/20/15
                                                                                          Revision 0

              f. Visibility >1 statute mile

              g. Cloud Clearance >500 feet

              h. Wind is no greater than 10kts with gusts no greater than 15kts

 X. Flight Preparation Checklists ­ Preflight Systems Check
Turn on Computer and open GCS
Attach Telemetry Ethernet to Computer
Double click on black bar in the GCS Window
Turn on and plug Joystick in and open Tab and Confirm movements from Joystick in the GCS
press Rescan twice
Turn on Manual Transmitter and make sure the
throttle stick is down, hold switch is on and all
switches away from pilot
Battery Voltage > 4.7 on Transmitter

Plug both batteries in on UAV and let sit for at   If red V light is blinking unplug batteries and plug
least 30 seconds without moving.                   back in

Confirm the V light on gyro is a solid red light

Press on Network Tab and select UAV
Start Log File
Minimize Network Tab

Open Map Tab and load map

Select Fail Safe and set ALT, Timeout, Speed to 4
m/s and highlight Rotate button

Minimize tab and click on map to set Fail Safe
Point to desired location

Press the ROT and PSH button and make sure
they are highlighted in yellow

UAV HZ                                             >5
RSSI                                               > 100
AFCS Voltage (fully charged)                       > 11.5
Servo Voltage                                      >5
GPS Satellites                                     >7

21-Jan-15                                                  Page |6
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING                            DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                                                    Draft 1/20/15
                                                                                        Revision 0

GPS VDOP                                          < 100
Battery Voltage is                                >58
AHRS is stable and correct according to UAV

Move UAV to Takeoff position with transmitter

Once UAV is in position make sure all blades are
straight

Recheck all UAV numbers

Make sure camera in forward position

Open Telemetry Tab and press the Reset Tangent
button

Minimize Telemetry Tab

XI. Takeoff

              a. Takeoff will take place at pre-determined location. The location will be clearly
                   marked as such to ensure safety with ground personnel.

              b. The system cannot be launched without approval from Observer. After the PIC
                   has received clearance from the Observer, the PIC will have authority to proceed
                   with takeoff.

XII. Reliability

              a. The UAS is designed for maximum reliability and to maintain performance;
                   however, due to normal motor operations, certain components will experience
                   wear and tear and shall be checked before and after each flight to ensure proper
                   working order. Check rotors, batteries, motors, and landing gear before and after
                   flight.

              b. Motor conditions and battery are monitored by the system with deviations
                   reported on screen.

              c. Contact with other objects during flight may cause other components, particularly
                   rotors, servos and motor arms to become damaged. Land the rotocraft as soon
                   as safely possible to do so, record any contact with objects, check airframe,
                   rotors, batteries, motors, landing gear, motor arms and servos and report the
                   contact to CEO before initiating additional preflight checklists or flights.

              d. The UAS continuously detects and displays system functions on screen which
                   may make flying unsafe. These conditions are UAV HZ, RSSI, AFCS Voltage,
                   Servo Voltage, GPS Satellite availability, GPS VDOP, Battery Voltage and RSSI.
                   If any of these systems are not functioning properly, the UAS will report the
                   anomaly with visual and aural alarms. Land rotocraft as soon as safely possible
                   to do so, and check conditions. Do not fly until the system is functioning within
                   the normal parameters as listed on flight checklist.

21-Jan-15                                                Page |7
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

XIII. Emergency Procedures and System Failures

               a. Sensor Failure ­ Failure of on-board flight instruments/sensors will degrade the
                    UAS performance.

                          i. If sensor failure occurs, utilize the Return-to-Home feature on the display.
                              If this does not work, utilize the Spektrum DX-8 remote controller to return
                              the UAV to the landing point or a safe area for landing.

               b. Motor Failure ­ The UAV flight performance will degrade significantly if one or
                    more motors fails.

                          i. If motor failure occurs, utilize the Return-to-Home feature on the display if
                              able. If this does not work, utilize the Spektrum DX-8 remote controller to
                              land the UAV in a safe area closest to the current position of the UAV.

               c. Airframe Failure ­ If airframe becomes damaged to the point that it affects flight
                    operation, the UAS will behave similarly to an on-board flight instrument failure.

                          i. Utilize the Return-to-Home feature on the display. If this does not work,
                              utilize the Spektrum DX-8 remote controller to return the UAV to the
                              landing point or a safe area for landing.

               d. Navigation System Failure ­ In a navigation system failure, degraded GPS will
                    result in unstable flight, depending on failures.

                          i. Utilize the Spektrum DX-8 remote controller to return the UAV to the
                              landing point or a safe area for landing.

               e. Power Failure ­ A complete battery failure will result in total power loss to the
                    UAV and the UAV will land with the assistance of gravity. Check landing site,
                    assist in any safety issues, clean up the area and report the incident to the CEO.

               f. Low Battery Condition ­ Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition.

                          i. Utilize the Return-to-Home feature on the display.

               g. Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS) Loss

                          i. PIC will conduct all flight operations with VLOS. If the pilot's view
                              becomes obstructed and VLOS is lost, the pilot may instruct the UAS to
                              hover in place until VLOS is reestablished, or to return to the Return-to-
                              Home waypoint. If VLOS is not reestablished in a timely fashion, have
                              the observer establish VLOS and relay information to the PIC. Based
                              upon the information, the PIC may opt to land the rotocraft at the current
                              position or wait until VLOS is restored.

XIV. Security

21-Jan-15                      Page |8
SOAR ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING  DEPARTMENT ORDER SEC-04
                                                          Draft 1/20/15
                                                              Revision 0

                a. The system and communication links are encrypted by manufacturer proprietary
                     software.

 XV. Crew Requirements

                a. Soar Environmental Consulting, Inc. requires the PIC to hold the proper Pilot
                     License as required by the FAA.

                b. The PIC will maintain flight currency as well hold a current Class II FAA Medical
                     Certificate.

XVI. Safety

                a. Safety is priority for every flight. The PIC is responsible for adhering to
                     applicable FAR & ICAO Regulations.

                b. Soar Environmental Consulting will utilize Best Management Practices during
                     field operations and for any instances not covered by regulation.

                c. Personnel will abide by all company safety practices at all times.

                d. Any personnel may stop work at any time if a safety concern is raised without
                     retribution

                e. To assure safe operation within close proximity of structures, the PIC will operate
                     the UAV in autonomous mode at all times, unless manual operation is
                     necessitated, such as in the event of an emergency.

                f. PIC and Observer will make all efforts possible to ensure that an emergency
                     UAV landing will not result in injury to persons or property.

                g. Operation support must adhere to PIC instructions, unless that instruction would
                     result in an unsafe situation.

                h. UAV flights will occur with VLOS.

                i. The PIC will adhere as close as possible to the prescribed flight plan and will not
                     deviate or fly in unnecessary areas. No joy-flying.

                j. The UAS PIC will give way to any manned aircraft.

                k. Flight operations will occur under VFR Conditions only. No night flights.

                l. A fire extinguisher will be brought onsite for use in emergency situations.

XVII. Landing and Retrieval

                a. Landing area will be pre-determined prior to flight. A secondary landing area will
                     also be determined prior to the flight.

21-Jan-15                      Page |9
