June 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11766
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0910

Mr. Kenneth Wasley
CMO
Special Forces Parachute Team
510 Davis Bridge Road
Parkton, NC 28371

Dear Mr. Wasley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on April 7, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Special Forces Parachute Team (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct commercial photography, videography, inspections or surveying.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Special Forces Parachute Team is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Special Forces Parachute Team is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
1|Page

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE

Washington, D.C. 20590

Kenneth Wasley, CMO
C/O Special Forces Parachute Team 501 (c)(19)
510 Davis Bridge Road, Parkton NC 28371

BASIS FOR PETITION
Petitioner, Special Forces Parachute Team Nonprofit 501(c)(19), pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules
for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+, in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of :

14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b)
14 CFR 45.23(b)
91.7(a),
91.121,
91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91

Name And Address Of The Petitioner
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Kenneth Wasley, CMO
C/0 Special Forces Parachute Team 501 (c)(19)
510 Davis Bridge Road
Parkton, NC 28371
2|Page

PREFACE:
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms
includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, that includes UAS, from the
requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.

The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of
this section or any sections 44702 - 44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49
U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1). JWR proposes to use one UAS; 1) DJI
PHANTOM 2 Vision +, for commercial photography, videography, inspections or surveying. This aircraft has four rotors
and four motors in a quadcopter configuration (X4). It is only capable of vertical take-off and landing. This UAS weighs
less than 55 lbs. including payload. Can fly, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 30 knots and has the
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. This UAS is equipped with GPS and ato-
return function to the predetermined safe landing area as well as allowing reading of magnetic interference that can
cause loss off GPS signal. The UAS will operate only in line of sight and will operate only within a sterile closed-set area of
a residential or commercial listing, open desolate areas near rural farms or a closed-set special event. Such operations
will insure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." (Reform Act
Section 333 (b)).

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rule making required under Section 333 of
the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a). Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id.
§333(c).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms
includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, that includes UAS, from the
requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.
The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of
this section or any sections 44702 - 44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49
U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).
3|Page

RELIEF OVERVIEW

Given the small size of the UAS involved and the restricted sterile environment within which they will operate, the
applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the
FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the
UASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national
security issue.
Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as
amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with allowing
UASs for aerial inspections, surveying and photography and videography, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the
public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Special Forces Parachute Team (SFPT) proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that have the
characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or
even higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure because the proposed operations
represent a safety enhancement to the already safe aerial inspections, surveying and photography and videography
operations conducted with conventional aircraft.

These limitations and conditions to which SFPT agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations under an
FAA issued exemption include:
1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs.
2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.
3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes or less.
Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL or, not more than 200 feet above an elevated
platform for which filming is planned.
5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, the Visual Observer, and or Camera Operator.
6. Additional camera will be filming UAS in flight at applicable times
4|Page

7. The UAS will only operate within a confined sterile closed-set area with a set safety perimeter, the boundaries of
which will be determined by the UAS PIC based on the site-specific activities and speed of the UAS required for the
operation, and coordinated with the jurisdictional FAA FSDO and local government officials as applicable.
8. A briefing will be conducted in regards to the planned UAS operations prior to each day's production activities. It will
be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present
for this briefing.
9. The UAS Pilot and/or Aerial Coordinator will ensure this safety perimeter that only consenting personnel will be
allowed within 100 feet of the UAS operation by not permitting anyone who had not been briefed or whom is not
involved in production to be in the closed-set area, and 500 feet away from people not directly involved in operations.
10. Observer and PIC will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or two way radio communication system.
11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
12. If applicable, all required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions,
including local law enforcements, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.
13. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have the capability to return to a pre-
determined location within the Security Perimeter and land safely.
14. The UAS will have the capability to abort flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness
certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to
be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of
safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333
of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness
certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed.

In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and its
operation, Special Forces Parachute Team 501 (c)(19) operation of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, UAS meets the conditions of
FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H.
5|Page

Accordingly, SFPT requests relief from Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as
these sections set forth requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. SFPT
submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of safety will be ensured. JWR will use experienced
personnel or technicians as needed to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using
the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual). Furthermore, JWR will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.

Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
command, is requested by SFPT to the extent necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) meet or exceed the described
requirements of operations set by manufacturer, and who has demonstrated, that the PIC is able to safely operate the
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
SFPT seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS do not
require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, JWR submits that he will
ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by determining that the
UASs are in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a condition for safe flight.

         JWR also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ will be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio communications
telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This altitude
information, combined with JWR'S operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS within visual line of sight, at or below
500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.
Additionally, JWR seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions. JWR submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ during daylight
hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a
total duration of approximately 30 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 5 minutes.

EXTENT AND REASONING WHY SFPT SEEKS RELIEF FROM THE LISTED SECTIONS ABOVE:
         1. Section 61.113(a) & b).

Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested to
the extent necessary to allow a PIC meet all requirements as described in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ owner's manual to
conduct the proposed UAS flight operations for compensation or hire.
6|Page

This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state that a private pilot may, for
compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only
incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation
or hire.
As set forth more fully below, SFPT submits that an equivalent level of safety will be maintained because no PIC will be
allowed to operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated that the PIC is able to safely
operate either the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS in a manner consistent with the operations specifications as described in
this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as well as maintaining appropriate distances from people,
vessels, vehicles and structures.
Further, SFPT submits that all flights of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ 1 UAS, conducted by the PIC pursuant to the grant of
this Petition: (1) will be incidental to SFPT's business; and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

         2. 91.7(a).
Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent required to allow SFPT to
determine that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is
in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the JWR Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual).
SFPT seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS does not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, SFPT will ensure that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are in
airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in condition for
safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

         3. 91.121.
Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight operations of the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ UAS, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data
link to downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA requires
that any altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground
level (AGL), JWR seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA altimeter may be set on the ground to
zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.
Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121 is sought to the extent necessary
to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level
of safety will be maintained since the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS
equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each flight, and
provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on the heads-up display of the GCS.
7|Page

         4. 91.151(b).
Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is requested to the extent required
to allow flights of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological
conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 25 minutes to the first point of intended landing
and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 5 minutes. SFPT seeks the requested relief because
without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA
will severely constrain the practicality of any aerial video or still photo flight operations that JWR proposes to conduct
pursuant to this Petition.
Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
operating documents, and JWR'S proposed operating limitations, ensure that JWR will safely operate the battery
powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight
rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 25 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

    14 CFR 45.23(b)
Marking of the Aircraft;
Applicable codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications. UAV Field
Services UASs are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to
mark certain words or phrases. Further, two inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft. Regardless, UAV
Field Services will mark its UAS in the largest possible lettering by placing the "N "number on its fuselage as required by
14 CFR 45.29 (f) so that the pilot, technician, spotter and others working with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has
previously issued exemptions to this regulation through- Exemption No 10167 and 10700

         5. 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).
Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, JWR requests relief from these Sections because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS do not require
airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS meet the conditions of FMRA
Section 333 for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly JWR will use trained technicians to perform
maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the UAS operating documents (i.e., the JWR aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual). Furthermore, JWR will document and maintain all maintenance records for the
DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.
8|Page

   The Reasons for granting my request are entirely beneficial to the public and community as a whole.
Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing SFPT too safely, efficiently, and economically
perform aerial video and photography of construction sites, real estate, survey and inspect over certain areas of the
United States. To assist other businesses in helping them grow from my services or rather, to fulfill their needs,
whatever it may be. To be used at events where we perform parachute demonstrations under the guidelines of the FAA.
We are license professional parachute demonstration that has over 30 years of experience working with the FAA.

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may
operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rule making required under Section 332 of
the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UAS do not create a
hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the following:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, id. the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace
system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace
system." Id. §333(c).

Given the small size of the UAS involved and the restricted sterile environment within which they will operate, the
applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the
FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the
UASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant UAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation
Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public
benefit, including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with
allowing UASs for movie and television operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.
Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.
9|Page

         REASONS BENEFICIAL TO THE PUBLIC/COMMUNITY
         1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are battery powered and serve as a safe, efficient, and economical alternative to the
manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to
perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS would reduce the amount of
manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air
and on the ground.
Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around airports caused by
arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA do not require an airport to takeoff or land.
Likewise, a reduction of manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would result in fewer aircraft
that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and landing phases of flight
operations.
         2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.
Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the
public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still
photography flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS produce no
air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal
combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning approximately 20-
30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial
acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as the UAs are propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an
internal combustion engine.
By using the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air
and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ UA (weighing approximately 2 pounds 11 ounces, at their maximum gross weights with length of 16
inches, widths of 16 inches, and with no fuel on board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and
property on the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar operations
(weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42 feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity
of 180 gallons).
10 | P a g e

         2. Performing Aerial Video and Photography, Surveys and Inspections, Operations with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
             UAS Will Benefit The Economy.

In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are also an economical alternative to using
manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such, operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS will allow
United States based companies, like SFPT, to remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy.
Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions
phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative technology in
order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS is one such technology that not
only allows companies greater operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without
the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.
By operating the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, companies such as SFPT, can remain competitive and profitable, and
therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the
U.S. economy. Improved financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending; improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and
allows companies to invest in research and development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and
abroad.

         4. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for decades, SFPT's proposed
operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS will not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
UAS will be operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the JWR Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Instruction Manual) which requires property owner involvement as well as
local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum
altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or How The Exemption Would Provide A

   Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That Provided By The Rule From Which JWR Seeks Exemption.
         1. Reasons Why The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA Meet The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
            2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and its
operation, JWR'S operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not
require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
11 | P a g e

In seeking this exemption, SFPT submits that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to
FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS; (b) the pilot
certification requirement; and (c) the specific operating limitations.

            a. The Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Demonstrate Its Safe Characteristics.
The DJI Phantom 2 Vision UAS do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to
national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational capability.

                  i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS.
The technical specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS are set forth by the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Specifications
and Data Sheet.

                  ii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS To Remain
                     Within A Defined Operational Area.

The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous flight modes. A complete
description of the flight and navigational modes of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS User Manuals.

                  iii. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 UASs Are Designed For Automatic Return To Home Point Or
                      Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA will remain stationary, in flight, for 3 seconds or more. If,
after 3 seconds, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA does not reacquire control link data from the GCS, the UAs will assume
that the Control Link is lost and the UAs will return to the home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to
the takeoff position and shutdown.
A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UA are set forth in the DJI Phantom 2
Vision+ User Manual, attached.

                  iv. The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ GCS And Its Operation.
A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ GCS and flight control software
is provided in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual.

            b. Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations / PIC
    Private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations. UAV Field Services can achieve an equivalent level of safety
    as achieved by current Regulations because UAV Field Services UASs do not carry any pilots or passengers. Further,
    while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills, though UAV Field Services pilot vetting and
    training program will. Further, private pilot licensees will operate UAV Field Services UASs with the same skill.
    Further, the risk attendant to the operation of UAV Field Services UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
    commercial activities outlined in CFR 61. Thus, allowing UAV Field Services to operate its UAS with a private pilot as
    the pilot in control will exceed current safety levels in relation to CFR 61.113(a)(b).
12 | P a g e

            c. Flights Of DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating Limitations.
In seeking this exemption, SFPT proposes to commercially operate DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS for the special purpose of
conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating
limitations:

         1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft described in the
            operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: DJI Phantom 2
            Vision+ Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
            petition to amend this grant.

         2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the purpose of aerial video
            and photography.

         3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.
         4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the

            procedures specified in the operating documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All
            altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
         5. The UAs must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be
            able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-
            issued airman medical certificate.
         6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not permitted.
         7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long
            as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
            Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before
            the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the
            SO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.
         8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and avoiding other air traffic
            and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to operate the camera or other
            instruments.
13 | P a g e

         9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS operations and made
            available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations
            contained in the grant of exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions
            and limitations contained in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
            operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or
            revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
            and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and
            revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator
            determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption,
            then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office
            (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

         10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe flight. If the
             inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from
             operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
             safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
             alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

         11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
             characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC
             who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

         12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or
             equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

         13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
             inspection, and life limit requirements.

         14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in accordance
             with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul
             component parts must be noted in the aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work
             accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

         15. Each UASs operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.
         16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken against

             discrepancies discovered between inspections.
14 | P a g e

         17. The PIC must meet or exceed all requirements as set forth by manufacturer in order to justifiably operate the
             DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, or hold an equivalent pilot license approved by the FAA.

         18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's qualification criteria and
             demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
             under the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
             from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner
             consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs are permitted
             under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
             training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
             flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance
             from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.

         19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All operations must be
             conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be
             made at the FAA office closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR)
             are not authorized.

         20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-
             published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and
             the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of
             agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

         21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or
             when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

         22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre- determined location within the
             planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

         23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the
             operating documents.

         24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
             is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25%
             battery power remaining.
15 | P a g e

         25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
             (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption. This COA will also require the
             operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48
             hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in
             the ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder requirements.

         26. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial number, registered in
             accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
             part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

         27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA must
             comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight
             agency requirements.

         28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the Ground
             Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents must be made available to the
             Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

         29. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and activities at all
             times.

         30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
         31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons (persons other than

             the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
                  a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or
                     debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain
                     under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and
                     are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of such vessels,
                     vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                     operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard, and;
                  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue
                     hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).
16 | P a g e
         32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission from the land
             owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land owner/controller or authorized
             representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.
         33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries ofthe
             operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-
             80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per
             instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

SPECIAL FORCES PARACHUTE TEAM NONPROFIT 501 (C)(19) AFFIRMS ALL INFORMATION LISTED ABOVE TO BE TRUE
AND BINDING UPON FAA'S FINDINGS OF EXEMPTION REGARDING COMMERCIAL OPPERATIONS OF LISTED UAS, UNTIL
FURTHER NOTICE OF LAWS OR REGULATIONS DECIDED BY THE GOVERNEMENT/FAA. THANKYOU FOR YOUR
CONSIDERATION.

Kenneth Wasley, CMO
Special Forces Parachute Team
831.420.7187
Email: kwasley@sfparachuteteam.com
510 Davis Bridge Road, Parkton NC 28371
