August 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12347
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2074

Mr. Spiros C. Kapatos
2 Ashton Drive
Rochester, NY 14624

Dear Mr. Kapatos:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May. 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. You requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, cinematography, videography, mapping, crop surveying, inspections, and other
flight operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                             2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Spiros C. Kapatos is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Spiros C. Kapatos is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Spiros C. Kapatos                                                May. 20, 2015
2 Ashton Drive

Rochester, NY 14624
Cell (585) 747-6536

Email: pkapatos@me.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Attachments: These attachments are too large for submission via the submission portal.

         They are available at this website for viewing or download.
         http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/download

1) Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

2) Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide
3) Phantom 3 Safety Guidelines and Disclaimer

References:
         1) FAA Exemption No. 11138, Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140481in

         the matter of the petition of DOUGLAS TRUDEAU
         2) FAA Exemption No. 11136, Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0508 in

         the matter of the petition of ADVANCED AVIATION SOLUTIONS LLC
         3) FAA Exemption No. 11080 Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140355in

         the matter of the petition of FLYING CAM INC

Dear Sir or Madam,

         In accordance with the FAA's Guidelines for Submitting a Petition for Exemption
under section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, I, Spiros C.
Kapatos, referred to hereafter as the petitioner, request exemption from the following
sections of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations §§

61.113(a); 61.113(b); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409
(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) & (b);

         In order to operate small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) commercially in
airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for the purposes of
aerial photography, cinematography, videography, mapping, crop surveying, inspections
and other flight operations that could be performed safely and more cost effectively with
the use of small UAS at low altitude within the U.S. national airspace system as
compared to a manned aircraft. Operations will be performed only at the request of and
with the authorization and permission of clients or their authorized agents in order to
facilitate commerce and raise awareness of the beneficial uses of small unmanned air
systems. So long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. The
conditions identified and proposed by the petitioner are drawn from references 13.

The FARs

         The petitioner seeks exemption from the above mentioned FARs for the following
reasons;

         61.113(a) & (b); The petitioner requests relief in order to facilitate the utilization
of pilots, who hold a PRIVATE PILOT (or greater) certificate. Any pilots operating under
this exemption would be required to comply with any conditions as set forth and in a
similar fashion to the previously granted exemptions.

         91.119(c) As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU), operations
conducted closer than 500 feet to the ground may require that the UA be operated
closer than 500 feet to essential persons, or objects that would not be possible without
additional relief. The petitioner requests modification, waiver or exemption and
clarification concerning the terms "congested areas" and "densely populated". The
petitioner requests waiver for this condition to allow reasonable and responsible
operations in areas of subdivisions and neighborhoods if required

         91.121 As discussed in Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU) is inapplicable
since the UAS does not have an altimeter and instead utilizes electronic GPS with a
barometric sensor for altitude information.

         91.151(a) As discussed in Exemption 11136 (ADVANCED AVIATION
SOLUTIONS LLC) prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less
than the prescribed minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In
addition, similar UAS specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808,
and 10673 for daytime, VFR conditions. The UAS provides battery power remaining in
percent to the PIC. The UA batteries provide approximately 25 minutes of powered
flight. Information provided in the operating documents discusses procedures regarding
remaining battery power management. Those documents contain a condition in which
the PIC will initiate a landing procedure when battery remaining reaches a specified
level. Given the limitations on proposed operations and the location of those proposed
operations, The FAA found that a reduced minimum power reserve for flight in daytime
VFR conditions was reasonable.

         91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409 (a)(1) & (2); 91.417(a) & (b) As discussed in
Exemption 11138 (DOUGLAS TRUDEAU), The petitioner proposes to inspect and
ensure that the UAS is in a condition for safe flight in accordance with the operating
documents. The FAA found that adherence to the petitioner's operating documents and
the conditions and limitations specified, describing the requirements for maintenance,
inspection, and recordkeeping, were sufficient to ensure that safety would not be
adversely affected.
The UAS

         The DJI Phantom 3 Professional plus is a recently released successor to the DJI
Phantom 2 series, a consumer grade small rotorcraft in the quadcopter configuration
with an advertised weight of less than 46 Ounces (1280g) designed primarily to carry
aloft a high definition camera. It has an advertised maximum speed of less than 32
knots (16m/s) and a maximum climb rate of less than 1000 feet per minute (5 m/s). It is
powered by four electric motors with a distance between motors of less than 12 inches
(289.5mm) It utilizes an internal inertial measuring unit (IMU) with integrated barometric
sensor augmented with global positioning system (GPS) to maintain its geospatial
orientation and position. It is controlled primarily through an FCC certified radio control
(RC) unit. Real time video and telemetry information is transmitted back to a ground
control station allowing the operator and/or PIC to monitor battery level, GPS signal
strength, altitude (AGL), and distance from PIC, camera imagery, and control camera
angle. It has failsafe modes of operation for either loss of RC or GPS signal. The
onboard flight controller can limit altitude and maximum altitude can be preprogrammed
by the PIC. Battery life limits flight times to approximately 23 minutes. The onboard flight
controller will warn the pilot via telemetry and external lighting cues before reaching a
low battery state. An automatic termination of flight and landing will be initiated when the
battery reaches a predetermined low state. It is anticipated that flights will usually last
less than 10 minutes. More information is available in attachment 1 or
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom3

Risk mitigation

         The petitioner has reviewed FAA exemptions reference's 13Conditions and
Limitations section and believes that the procedures specified therein are reasonable
and will be utilized in order to manage and mitigate risk and ensure public safety. A
preflight checklist will be developed and employed to ensure that the UA airworthiness
will be verified before launch. Airworthiness will be maintained by performance of
routine inspections before each flight, maintaining flight and maintenance logs to record
time on failure prone components.

         The petitioner request that in a manner similar to reference 3, he be allowed to
operate within 5 miles of an airport provided that;

         "The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
         from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
         center of a non towered airport as denoted on a current FAA published
         aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is
         obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as
         required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
         management must be made available to the Administrator upon request."

         Operations within 5 miles of an airport are not anticipated to be routine but the
petitioner is requesting a mechanism to facilitate such activities without requesting a
new and separate exemption(s) should the need arise. Operations within class B
airspace are not requested due to the lack of mode C transponder.
Public interest

         Use of the UAS in lieu of a manned aircraft would enhance safety and reduce the
environmental impact as compared to similar operations conducted with manned aircraft
of greater proportions, carrying a crew and flammable fuel. Additionally, use of the UAS
in order to facilitate commerce could lead to economic growth. Operations for this
petition will enable service for property owners or their designees seeking an enhanced
perspective for characteristics, amenities, and benefits of their desired photographic
subjects that cannot be displayed through ground level videography/photography. Aerial
photography is a valuable marketing tool that can lead to increased commerce and
enhance personal photography. Crop surveying applications could lead to decreased
use of pesticides and fertilizer and conservation of water as well as increased crop
yields and decreased costs. Aerial surveying and inspections can increase work site
efficiency, improve volumetric estimations and reduce risks. The petitioner will provide
clients with photographic data for these purposes on a `for hire' basis acting as an
independent contractor. A visual observer will be utilized. Liability insurance will be
obtained commensurate with the granting of this request for exemption. Flight data
including UA flight time, Control Unit operation time, incident, accident, and details
concerning any deviations from normal operations will be available to FAA for use in
collecting data regarding the use of UAS as part of this application. This data may be
submitted to FAA via traditional means, e.g. COA Monthly Reports, or other means as
required.

Conclusion

         The petitioner is requesting this exemption for the purposes of "aerial
photography, cinematography, videography, mapping, crop surveying, inspections and
other flight operations". The reason for such a general and broad based request is that
the petitioner wishes to utilize a business strategy of horizontal integration and
maximize economies of scope in order to capitalize on opportunities as they may arise
in the future without the long turnaround time associated with additional exemptions.
The petitioner's business model is based on the idea of offering ad hoc small UAS
services to individuals or companies who wish to employ these services as a safe,
effective, and legal option to enhance their business or hobby. The petitioner's own
market research shows pent up demand for these services currently exists in the real
estate market and other markets are just beginning to emerge. The petitioner has
refrained from engaging in commercial use of the UAS. The primary purpose of seeking
this exemption is to obtain the capability to offer those services while remaining
incompliance. The petitioner is a licensed pilot, holding a private pilot certificate flying
single-engine land aircraft for over 35 years.

                                                               Respectfully submitted,

                                                               Spiros C. Kapatos
