August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12377
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1784

Mr. Christopher Starnes
Starnes Aviation LLC
280 Virginia Avenue Northeast Suite 1 06
Norton, VA 24273

Dear Mr. Starnes:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Starnes Aviation LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct photography
and video education, training1, and demonstration.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner also requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize
UAS operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we
will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is
permitted to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the
other conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the DJI Inspire 12.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection3. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 The petitioner also proposed to operate the Team Black Sheep Discovery Pro and Lumenier QAV500. The
FAA must conduct an assessment on these aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet
the conditions in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed
accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner.
3 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Starnes Aviation LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Starnes Aviation LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Date: April25 , 2015

Starnes Aviation LLC
280 Virginia Ave NE Ste 106
Norton, VA 24273
Phone# 276-365-8071
Email: chris@starnesav.com
Christopher Starnes MD - FAA Senior AME 0 1190

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FMRA and Part 11 ofthe
Federal Aviation Regulations, Seeking Exemption from:
14 C.F.R. Part 21 Subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 21.191(a)
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. § 45.27
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a) (1)
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a) (1) and (2)
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:
Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (FMRA) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Starnes Aviation LLC (SALLC) hereby applies for an exemption from the listed
Federal Aviation Regulations(" FARs") and any other necessary to allow operation of its small
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") for commercial photography and video Education,
Training and Demonstration for Emergency First Responders to intergrade UAS into certain
Departments of Government. Second is to educate UAS to the Public and The Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA). SALLC will share knowledge with the community that prohibits
discrimination against people with disabilities in employment, transportation, public
accommodation, communications, and governmental activities. SALLC is opening this door for
future opportunities, employment, and business development. Respectful, responsible and safe
UAS flying is of the highest priority of our company. UAS operations are conducted under the
conditions outlined herein.

Description of Petitioner

Dr. Chris Starnes is a Senior FAA Medical Examiner and Commercial Instrument Rated Pilot.
Dr. Starnes writes for The Twin Cessna Flyer and my short story below.
Starnes Aviation was established in 2006 to hold ownership and operation of a part 91 Piper
Aztec. C I used the aircraft and business to help me get from rural Virginia to medical meetings
and teaching venues. In 2008 I became ill with Leukemia and needed a bone marrow transplant
in 2009. I resigned to leave aviation and put my beloved Aztec up for sale. I knew that my life
might be over and my aviation dreams would remain just that. Under the pressure oflocal peers
and a recognized need for a local AME I had requested the FAA allow me to complete AME
training in 2007. Today, I spend my time as the Administrator of my wife's Dermatology
practice. My practice of being an AME is contained within her office. I practice walking at
work but if you see me I'm the guy in the wheelchair with carbon fiber legs. I work every day to
get back into the left seat. I work every day to make Cutting Edge Dermatology the best it can
be. Coming in for a medical is an emotionally challenging event. I want to do everything I can
to educate the community on health or disease and how it relates to aerospace medicine.

SALLC is evolving and opening an exciting new fun venture. Being in a wheelchair I have
gotten into flying quad rotors or "drones" for fun. This has given my family and me a new lease
on life. Having had the experience of a being a pilot and going thm what I went through was
depressing that I would not be able to fly again. UAS has given me that happiness again and a
new direction in sharing my knowledge to educate the present to change the future for UAS
safety in national air space. Being a writer for a publication in aviation, this will allow SALLC to
share UAS safety article' s to a larger community.

Aircraft

Starnes Aviation LLC will operate 1: Team Black Sheep Discovery pro with aerial mob arm
extensions which allow 15 .5"props. 400kv motors, 6s batteries 2-3 batteries with 4000mwh
each. This allows 45-55 min flight time. Dji naza m v2, 5.8ghz video tbs (team black sheep)
500 mw transmitter, ir distro camera and tbs 59 fpv camera, mountable gopro, ground station
hooked to ipad and projector to large white screen for public education. 2.4 ghz ground station
for programming, with rc control on 2.4 or ez uhf from immersion rc - frsky tarranis controller.
Weight of aircraft 4.4lb.
2: lumenier qav500 with 540mm arms for 12" props. Tmotor u3 motors, beechwood tmotor 12"
props, dji naza m v2, lightbridge, 900mhz ground station dji, 2.4 ghz frsky trannis control or
ezuhf, dji zenmuse gh3 gimbal with gopro or ir distro. 4s battery- 4000, 5200 and 8000 mwh
battery options. 4.4 lb aircraft weight

3: DJI Inspire 1, Model T600, with a total weight of2935g or 6.47lbs. The dimensions are
438mm x 451mm x 301mm or 17.24inch x 17.75inch x 11.85 inches. Under still air the
Maximum speed is no more than 22m/s or 49mph with a cmising speed of 11m/s or 25mph. The
DJI Inspire 1 has the ability to hover and move along a vertical and horizontal plane
simultaneously. The DJI Inspire 1 has four motors, Motor Model DJI 3510, powered by a 6-cell
4500mAh or 5700mAh Lithium Polymer battery. There are four propellers, Propeller Model DJI
1345, in use. The DJI Inspire 1 will be controlled with the C1 remote controller with an
operating frequency of2.400GHz - 2.483GHz. The live video feed will have an operating
frequency of 5.728GHz- 5.850GHz. DJI Inspire 1 has a program to limit height it will be set to
200ft AGL.
See link: http://team-blacksheep.com/products/prod:discopro
http://www.lumenier.com/products/multirotors/qav500 http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-
l /spec
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY.

The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs.
The UAS will have a maximum operating speed of no more than 50mph.
Flights will be operated within line of sight of the Pilot in Command (PIC) and/or Visual
Observer (VO).
Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated at
25% battery power reserve or 30 minutes of flight time whichever occurs first.
Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 feet Above Ground Level (AGL) and
remain in the line of sight.
Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot, the Visual Observer (VO) and
may include but not limited to a Camera Operator.
The UAS pilot will be a designated Pilot in Command (PIC).
A briefing will be performed regarding the planned UAS operations prior to each day's flight.
The flights will occur no closer than a 5 mile radius of the geographic center/Airport Reference
Point (ARP) of a tower controlled or uncontrolled airpmi.
If operations will be within a 5 mile radius of the geographic center/Airport Reference Point
(ARP) of a tower controlled or uncontrolled airport the respective airports will be contacted
advising them ofthe estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
information.
The PIC and VO will have been trained in operation ofUAS and receive up-to-date information
for the particular UAS to be operated.
The PIC and VO will be able to communicate by voice, radio, and/or text at all times.
If the UAS loses communications with the remote controller or loses GPS signal, the UAS will
have the capability to return to a pre-determined location within a designated location and land
autonomously.
The UAS will have the capability to abmi a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles, weather, or
emergenctes.
UAS has in its program to limit height and distance from PIC.

I. The Extent of Relief Starnes Aviation LLC Seeks and the Reason It Seeks Such Relief:
Starnes Aviation LLC submits this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95
§§331- 334, seeking relief from any currently applicable federal aviation regulations PARs
pertaining to UASs (unmanned aircraft systems) and operating to prevent Starnes Aviation LLC
contemplated commercial photography, Photographic mapping, and other flight operations
within the U.S. national airspace system.
The Reform Act in §332 provides for such integration of civil UASs into our national airspace
system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Starnes Aviation LLC lightweight UASs meet the
definition of "small unmam1ed aircraft" as set forth in §331 and combined with a sterling safety
record in similar industries, Starnes Aviation LLC light duty UASs are ideal recipients of
exemption by the intent of the Reform Act.
Considerations for relief include a combination of sUAS physical characteristics, safety features,
and safe practices identified in §333 :
· sUAS weight, · sUAS overall size, · sUAS speed over ground, · sUAS flight zone
characteristics,
-Non-operation near airports (civilian or military),
- Tightly controlled operation in populated areas,
I

--~------ -------~--~- ~~~----~---------------~

   D:--  ·?8' ~c..:...,_~~::,.~·,.·~~"'>"";:>'.:-·

                                                                                                        '

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act oj2012
· Operation of the UAS by VLOS. · Coordination by a minimum of2 persons, 2 staff members
of SALLC and one safety official from
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1) Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited
operating area associated sUASs, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements
of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and §333 of the Reform Act. llle Federal Aviation
Act (49 U.S.C.§4470 1 (f)) and §333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt
aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size,
vveight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions
proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.
The sUAS to be operated by SALLC is less than 10 lb. with maximal payload consisting of
remote sensing instrumentation, carries neither no persons, carries no explosive or flammable
materials including combustible fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area. Unlike
other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by
both the pilot (PIC), 'spotter' role designated to act as both the remote sensing controller and
secondary monitor for safety issues, and a teclmician, which assists in matters related to
maintaining the sUAS and also monitors for safety concerns and liaisons to
the on-site safety officials. These enhancements to current safety practices and regulations,
which already apply to civil aircraft, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
owners than conventional aircraft operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued
under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that
there is no intrinsic credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of
operation, location of operation, lack of intrinsic explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels,
and inability to carry a substantial extemalload.

14 C.F.R. §45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft The regulation requires: When marks include only
the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or
light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator
must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in
letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited;' "restricted;' "light-
sport;' "experimental;' or "provisional;' as applicable.
Even though the sUAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the
sUAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the frame in compliance with §45.29 (f) at a size
suitable for the available space.
-~-·------------~----------

                                                         l

                Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act oj2012
                14 C.P.R. §61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.
                §61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the sUAS will not
                carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of
                current operations by requiring a ground crew member to have a private pilot's license rather
                than a commercial pilot's license to operate this sUAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries
                the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled 1vith no persons on board. The area of
                operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance. The
                risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk
                associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing
                operations as requested with a private pilot in the ground crew exceeds the present level of safety
                achieved by 14 C.P.R. §61.1 13 (a) & (b).
                14 C.P.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. The regulation requires that no person may
                operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness
                certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no
                FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft
                and the requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior
                to each flight, a subset of which are provided in enclosed Supplemental material, an equivalent
                level of safety will be provided.
                14 C.P.R. §91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. §91.9 (b) (2) provides: No
                person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ... (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft
                Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a
                current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
                placards, or any combination thereof.
                The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability to carry a physical flight manual on
                the aircraft. The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the
                ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA
                has issued the following exemptions to
                this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607,8737,8738,9299, 9299A, 9565,95658, 10167, 10167A,
                10602,32827, and 10700.
                14 C.P.R. §91.1 03: Preflight action this regulation requires each PIC to take certain actions
                before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be
                provided for the aircraft an exemption will be needed. The PIC will take all actions including
                reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft
                performance data before initiation of flight. Further, we have proprietary manuals created
                with the help of sUAS experts, the manufacturer, the regional sUAS vendor and policy holding
                insurer and continue to work with these organizations to ensure best safe practices are adhered

                to.
                14 C.P.R. §91.1 09: Flight instruction §91.1 03 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft
                (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
                fully functioning dual controls. sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have
                fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box
                that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved
                exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and
                for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A.
~-~--~··-----·-~---

                The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be
                carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft. Enhancing this safety is the
                technology inherent in the remote controls utilizing digital communications which is paired to
                the sUAS making it nearly impossible to unintentionally or intentionally have the control
                communications interrupted.

                 14 C.F.R §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes §91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of
                civil aircraft. §91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed,
                provided the person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for
                helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that closely mimics the behavior of a
                helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, an
                 exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never
                 operate at higher than 400 AGL or beyond unaided visual line of sight, whichever is closer. It
                ·will however be operated in a restricted area with security officials tasked with ensuring public
                 safety, and where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-
                 obtained consent and training.
                The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well
                 as the location where it is operated. No flight operation will be taken without the permission of
                the property owner in the case of private property or local officials i the case of public property
                 or private property with public interests. Because of the advance notice to the property owner
                 and participants in the remote sensing activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the
                planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far
                 more than the maximum 10 lb of SALLC sUASs proposed herein and the lack of flammable
                fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
                 conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of
                the sUAS will ensure separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations of
                 conventional aircraft that must comply with §91.119.
                 14 C.F.R §91. 121 Altimeter Settings §91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to
                maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the
                 departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS
                 may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be
                needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, confirming the altitude of
                the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight. The PIC and Technician will
                 also ensure effective pairing with multiple GPS sources to guarantee accurate detection of height.

                 14 C.F.R §9 1.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions §91.151 (a) prohibits an
                 individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering
                 wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
                 landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30
                minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes:' The battery powering the sUAS
                provides approximately 15 minutes of powered flight in hover mode \vithout payload. SALLC
                 sUAS will not be able to meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CPR §91.151. Operating
                the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where only people and property owners or official
                 representatives who have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve
                 power, does not engender the type ofrisks that Section 9l.l5l(a) was intended to alleviate given
                 the size and speed of the small UAS. SALLC believes that an equivalent level of safety can be
~----------------------------------------------------

                achieved by limiting flights to» 10 minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first.
                This restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS toils planned landing zone from
                anywhere in its limited operating area. Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations,
                including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and
                Re: Exemption Request Pursuant To Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act oj2012
                14 C.P.R. §91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration the regulation
                provides in pertinent part:
                (a) Except as provided in §91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it

                         the following: (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...
                (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by

                         paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
                         displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
                The sUAS fully loaded weighs no more than 10 lb and is operated without an onboard pilot. As
                such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display
                them on the sUAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at
                the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to
                the extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this
                regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665,
                9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.
                14 C.P.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections These
                regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
                prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
                paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
                chapter...;' and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Given that
                these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections
                will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the
                flight manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very
                limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited
                periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating
                from no higher than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order
                prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance
                performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to
                maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.
                An exemption granted to SALLC would permit its operation of lightweight, unmanned, remotely
                controlled, sUASs in a tightly controlled environment with limited airspace. SALLC utilizes
                local business' safety officers in specifically determined areas (designed flight zone) to mitigate
                injury and property damage vvhile fulfilling clients' goals. Technical enhancements to current
                safety controls will allow SALLC to operate exceeding current safety specifications, and stay
                ahead of, or meet, new ones being implemented by the FAA and Department of Transportation.
                Further, SALLC conducts its operations in compliance with protocols described herein or as
                otherwise established by the FAA.
-·~---------~-

                Summary the FAA may publish in the Federal Register:
                 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and alike. 14
                C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
                procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR§ 91.203(a)(l).
                The size, weight and enclosed operational area of SALLC permit exemption from Part 21
                because SALLC meet an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
                The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under
                both the Act (49 U.S. C.§ 44701(£)) and A. Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of
                legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in
                consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports
                 and dense populations. SALLC meet or exceed each of the elements.

                 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As
                no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
                 inapplicable.
                 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
                passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level
                 of safety will be achieved by maintaining a Flight log.
                 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as SALLC UAS's utilize
                 electronic global positioning systems and internal gyroscopes to provide spatial coordination.
                Also preprogram height and distance.
                 14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
                 registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level
                 of safety vvill be achieved by maintaining such information buy flight log at the SALLC Office.
                 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of the Aircraft. Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require
                 aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications. SALLC are, by definition, unmanned.
                 They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or
                 phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft.
                 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations. PIC Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§
                 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations. SALLC can achieve an
                 equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations because SALLC do not carry any
                 pilots or passengers.
                 Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills, though
                 SALLC pilot vetting and training programs (based upon completion of an FAA Approved
                 Ground School and a self-administered UAS flight training program and internal procedures
                 will. All Further, the risks attendant to the operation of SALLC is far less than the risk levels
                 inherent in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq.
                 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes. 14 C. F. R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the
                 operation of civil aircraft. It allows Helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain
                 conditions. SALLC will never operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL. SALLC will,
                 however, operate its UAS's in sectioned off areas with security perimeters, providing a level of
                 safety at least equivalent to those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight,
                 maneuverability and speed of SALLC, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.
                 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.
                 The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to
                 "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph C of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter." These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to SALLC should its requested
exemption be granted. SALLC maintenance program will be to send UAS to a certified repair
shop that involves regular software updates and constant inspection for assessment of any
damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

Summary
Starnes Aviation LLC seeks an exemption from the following Regulations: 14 C.F.R.
21, subpart H; 14 C.P.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7
(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C .F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §
91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b);
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a) (1); 14 C.P.R.§ 91.409 (a)(2); 14
C.P.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); and, 14 C.P.R.§§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate its fleet for commercial
photograph/video with education /demonstration to Emergency Services, Community education
and ADA program's. SALLC will offer education to change the present and change the future.
America' s NAS and economic future is bright if SALLC is granted the opportunity to educate
our state and neighboring states to be respectful and responsible operators as hobbyist and future
professionals ofUAS. Granting SALLC request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and
thereby enhance safety. Further, SALLC operates at lower altitudes and in controlled airspace.
SALLC owner have strong ties to its aviation community to affect change if exemption is
granted. UAS's and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury are significantly
limited.
SALLC respectfully requests that the FAA grants its exemption request without delay. The FAA
has the authority to issue the exemption sought by Starnes Aviation LLC pursuant to the Federal
Aviation Act, 85 P.L. 726 (1958), as amended (the "Act").

Sincerely,

Christopher Starnes MD FACP AME
