July 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12160
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1690

Mr. Victor Diaz
Star Engineering Services LLC
P.O. Box 9057
Caguas, PR 00726

Dear Mr. Diaz:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Star Engineering Services LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI S1000+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Star Engineering Services LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Star Engineering Services LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
    DJI S1000+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
             Engineering Services

April 28, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 - Small UAS
Section 333, titled "Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems",
provides a mechanism for seeking expedited FAA authorization of safe civil UAS
operations in the NAS. Section 333(a) states that the FAA "shall determine if
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system before completion of the (comprehensive) plan and rulemaking
required by section 332(b)(1) of this Act or the guidance required by
section 334 of this Act." In Section 332(b)(1), The Petitioner "STAR
ENGINEERING SERVICES" proposes the following exemptions and meets all
requirements to permit FAA approval of commercial UAS operations. 
The proposed exemption, if granted, would allow Petitioner to conduct commercial
operations of small unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") meeting or exceeding all of the
operational and safety requirements Congress has set forth in Section 333.
Petitioner is an aerial and technical photography company that plans to exploit the
capabilities of Unmanned Aerial Systems to offer a multitude of services, including:

         - Aerial surveying
         - Agriculture
         - Aerial filmmaking and photography
         - Real Estate
         - Construction site inspections and monitoring
         - Educational and research operations

                                                          1
(a) The name and contact information of the applicant are:
Star Engineering Services LLC
PO Box 9057, Caguas PR 00726
Attn: Victor Diaz
Phone: (787) 222-5712
Email: victormdiazjr@me.com

(b) The I. II. III. IV. V. VI. VII. VIII. IX. X. XI.
specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which exemption is sought
14 CFR 21
14 CFR 36
14 CFR 45.23, 45.27
14 CFR 45.29
14 CFR 61.113
14 CFR 91.9
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR 91.119
14 CFR 91.151
14 CFR 91.203
14 CFR 91.405, 91.407, 91.409, 91.417

(c) The extent of relief sought is for the duration of the Grant of Exemption,
unless otherwise specified.

The reason to seek the relief is as follows:

I. 14 CFR 21
i. The petitioner requests relief from 14 CFR part 21. The UAV is a small rotorcraft

    weighing less than 25 pounds during operation. The UAV maximum speed is 25mph
    and the operating area will be limited to remote or impassable locations where
    vehicular traffic is non-existent or controlled. The PIC will maintain VFR Rules flying
    at no more than 400 feet and will operate the UAV during the day in line-of-sight so
    as not to create a hazard to users of the National Airspace System or the Public or
    pose a threat to national security.

                                                          2
II. 14 CFR 36

i. The Petitioner requests relief from any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36. As a note, according to the manufacturer's specifications, the
UAV operates below 40db within 50 meters.

III. 14 CFR 45.23, 45.27

i. The UAV does not currently display marks consisting of the Roman capital letter "N"
followed by the registration number of the aircraft in compliance with 14 CFR 45.23 and
14 CFR 45.27. The Petitioner will register the UAV with the FAA and ensure UAV is
marked as appropriate before using the UAV in the NAS for commercial purposes.

IV. 14 CFR 45.29

i. The Petitioner request relief from the size requirements under this section due to the
size limitations of the UAV. We propose to use marks as large as possible on the UAV
as well as keep registration information with the PIC during operation.

V. 14 CFR 61.113

i. The Petitioner currently does not have commercial pilot licenses and requests relief
from 14 CFR part 61.113 The flight is only incidental to the proposed business or
employment; and the aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

VI. 14 CFR 91.9

i. Relevant materials shall be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with
the regulations.

VII. 14 CFR 91.103

i. In regards to 91.103(b), the UAV will not be operated within any Class B, C, or D
airspace; but, the PIC will follow all other applicable pre-flight actions including
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landings, and takeoff distances and
aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

VIII. 14 CFR 91.119(c)

i. The Petitioner requests relief from this section because PIC will ensure the UAV is
operated in controlled environments outside of populated areas away from public and
traffic; avoiding of areas which are depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts, as well as
obtaining and assessing information regarding congested areas from the local Flight
Standards District Office (FSDO) and avoiding areas of congestion. The UAV will not be
operated within 500 feet of vehicles or objects in open areas. The Petitioner requests

                                                          3
that if barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect nonparticipating
persons from the UAV or debris in the event of an accident, the PIC may operate closer
than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The operator will ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection.

IX. 14 CFR 91.151

i. The Petitioner requests exemption from this section due to the maximum flight time
available from this UAV. The UAV total flight time is limited to 30 minutes and therefore
the PIC would not be able to meet the minimum standards and still conduct the
inspections. The UAS is equipped with a visual battery indicator that displays the battery
levels at all time.

Additionally, the UAS has a visual alarm that indicates when the battery reaches a state
of 20% battery life, or approximately 7 minutes of flight time. These indicators, coupled
with pilot awareness and the emergency return-to- station setting will supply ample time
to land the UAV safely in the event of low battery.

X. 14 CFR 91.203

i. The Petitioner requests relief from 14 CFR 91.203 as the appropriate airworthiness
certificate does not exist for this UAS. Additionally, the certificate cannot be displayed in
the aircraft due to the size and physical structure of the UAV.

XI. 14 CFR 91.405, 407, 409, 417

i. The Petitioner requests relief from 14 CFR 91.405, 407, 409, and 417 The above-cited
regulations require, in general, aircraft owners and operators to inspect the aircraft "...as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in
part 43 of this chapter." These regulations apply to aircraft with an Airworthiness
Certificate. Therefore, these sections are not applicable to this UAS. Operators will
adhere to requirements located within the operations manual.

(d) The reasons why granting this request would be in the public interest; that is,
how it would benefit the public as a whole

I. Personnel Safety

         i.Construction sites and land movements are areas of his risk for inspector and
         any foot traveler. With the help of UAS more complete site inspections can be
         performed without risking the life and safety of employees.

II. Access to remote or Unreachable areas

         i. Segments of Construction Sites, dams, farms, pipelines, and bridges may
         currently be or become unreachable, partially obscured, or impracticable for
         inspection by conventional means, such as physically walking the line, or utilizing

                                                          4
         airplane or helicopters for inspections. Access to assets can also be partially or
         completely blocked by environmental singularities, such as vegetation growth, or
         blocked by mechanical means such as vehicle accidents, new construction, or
         road maintenance. The use of our UAV will ensure access to remote or
         impassable areas on an as-needed basis as well as during or after uncontrolled
         singular events.

III. Cost Effectiveness

         i. Currently, multiple personnel consisting of agency officials, employees and/or
         contractors are often required to conduct field inspections on large projects over
         vast amounts of terrain in order to ensure public safety and meet regulatory
         requirements. Inspections can require a substantial amount of person-hours and
         persist for days or weeks at a time due to terrain and accessibility issues.
         Factoring in engineering, planning & scheduling, safety meetings, mileage,
         recovered man-hours, potential down time due to injury, potential worker's
         compensation savings, and the intangible consideration of keeping employees
         injury-free, the current system of inspecting these assets becomes cost-
         prohibitive. UAV inspections in select areas are timelier, safer and more efficient
         than the conventional methods for conducting these inspections. Our UAV
         inspections will free up otherwise occupied employees, and provide a more
         economic approach to the traditional inspection, thus lowering operational costs.
         Lower overhead for corporations could lead to end-user savings such as
         decreased utility bills.

(e) The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or
how the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided
by the rule from which the exemption is sought

  I. The petitioner states that the unmanned aircraft (UA) to be operated under this
         request is less than 25 lbs. fully loaded, flies at a speed of no more than 20
         knots, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or
         flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area as set out
         in the POH. The crafts are the S1000+ eight-rotor and Phantom 2 Quad-rotor
         manufactured by DJI. The VTOL crafts are an Octorotor-type design that has
         eight motors and the Quad-rotor with 4 motors, both systems include GPS
         system, full autonomous autopilot capabilities, telemetry and manual ground
         control.

         In addition, each craft has integrated safety features built into the design of the
         UAS, as described in the POH, to ensure the safety of persons and property
         within and surrounding the limited operating area. In the event of a
         communication loss in manual control, the UAS switches to GPS control and
         return to its takeoff coordinates to perform a "FailSafe Landing" within the

                                                          5
      Security Perimeter. It will also have the capability to abort a flight in the event of
      unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

      Petitioner's UAS's will be identified by serial numbers, registered in accordance
      with 14 C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N-Numbers) markings in
      accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be as large as
      practicable.

II. The aircraft will be operated with both a PIC and a ground-based Visual
      Observer (VO) in accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14,
      Operational Requirements for UAS. Operations will be conducted in remote or
      inaccessible regions with the permission of the land owner; and all required
      permits will be obtained from state and local government before operation. The
      UAV will not be operated within 500 feet of vehicles or objects in open areas,
      unless barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect
      nonparticipating persons from the UAV or debris in the event of an accident. The
      PIC will file a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) providing location and a date/time for
      each operation and a VFR Flight Following, if necessary. 

III. The aircraft will not be operated over urban or populated areas; at air shows or
      over an open-air assembly of people; over heavily trafficked roads; or within 5
      nautical miles of an airport or heliport. Flight operations will be limited to day,
      visual meteorological conditions and the aircraft will remain within visual line of
      sight of the PIC at all times. 

IV. This exemption will provide a greater level of safety to that provided by the rule
      from which the exemption is sought due to the current nature of conducting
      inspections in remote regions. Because UAS flights are not currently authorized
      for commercial use, methods for inspecting remote assets are limited to
      pedestrian or helicopter operations. Where helicopter operations are not feasible
      due to environmental or mechanical obstructions, and or Structural elements,
      utilizing the UAV will provide a safe alternative to the inherent dangers of walking
      through these regions to conduct the required inspections. The small size,
      extreme maneuverability and zoom capabilities on the camera allow for a safe,
      unimpeded inspection of critical infrastructure assets.

                                                       6
(f) Summary to publish in the Federal Register

I. The rule from which exemption is sought

i. Star Engineering Services LLC seeks exemption under §333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112-95) from 14 CFR 21; 14 CFR
36, 45.23; 45.27, 45.29; 61.113; 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 119(c); 91.151(a);
91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

II. A brief description of the nature of the exemption sought

i. Star Engineering Services LLC requests an exemption under Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 for commercial flight of its UAS. Star
Engineering Services provides aerial photography and inspection focused on
Construction and Technical Applications. With approval of this petition, Star Engineering
Services will utilize our UAS to perform inspections, progress reports, surveying,
mapping and other related services focused on the construction industry. Proposed
operations will be performed in full compliance with aviation safety regulations. As per
14 CFR §11.81, this petition for exemption is prepared and filed in accordance with
regulation to request exemptions from the Federal Aviation Regulations pertaining to
operation of a UAS so that operations can be commercially completed in accordance to
all applicable FARs that would pertain to a small UAS.

(g) Any additional information, views or arguments available to support request

I. Argument

We here at Star Engineering Services are requesting this exemption because we
strongly believe in the continuous improvement of safety measures that offer to protect
our field personnel from the inherent dangers of the work environment, also we seek to
improve and develop the investigation and data collection methods in the technical
perspective of the construction processes. The use of Unmanned Aircraft Systems
affords us a great opportunity to reach both of these goals. Through adopting and
utilizing UAS technological advancements within these fields, we are unlocking the
potential to create a safer workplace for our loved ones, ensure regulatory requirements
are exceeded, and build inspection data with which we can improve and protect the
infrastructure of these crucial industries. We look forward to working with the FAA in
meeting and exceeding these goals in the near future.

                                                          7
II. Additional Information

Unmanned Aircraft Systems

Name: Star 1
Manufacturer: DJI
Model: S1000+
Weight: max 24lb
Battery Flight Time: 24mins
Video Transmitter : DJI LightBridge
Camera: Canon 5D

Name: Star 2
Manufacturer: DJI
Model: Phantom 2
Weight: max 9lb
Battery Flight Time: 27mins
Video Transmitter : 5.8 Ghz
Camera: GoPro3

Pre-flight Inspection, Maintenance

Before each flight the PIC will perform a series of pre-flight and takeoff checks as
defined by the POH supplied. After each 60 minutes of airtime, the craft will undergo a
thorough inspection of all aircraft components, including, but not limited to:
a. Actuators / Servos
b. Motors, wiring and connectors
c. Propellers, smooth, no chips
d. Electronic speed controller, wiring and connectors e. Batteries, wiring and connectors
f. Remote command and control
g. Ground control station

UAS Operating Parameters

The petitioner states that all flights will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of
pilot, in daytime VFR flight conditions and all operations will be conducted with the
assistance of a second spotter/observer. Altitude is accurately measured by GPS. The

                                                          8
petitioner further states that an operator will ensure that only consenting production
personnel will be allowed within 100 feet of the UA operation, and UAS will be kept at
least 100' from any inhabited structure. Generally the petitioner's UAS will be operated
in Construction Sites and unpopulated areas.

Petitioner's UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations
and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
activities, parasailing activities, and hangliders). Petitioner will not conduct UAS
operations within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport
unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained and the
operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice to Airmen ("NOTAM").

Pilot in Command (PIC)

The pilot in command will be Star Engineering Services CEO Victor M. Díaz. Mr. Díaz is
an entrepreneur with a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering focused on Automatic
Controls and Electronics and has accumulated more than 75 flight cycles and 35 hours
of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot. The PIC pursues to develop techniques and
applications of UAS to optimize the construction industry processes and data collecting.

Regarding Petitioner's requested relief from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b)(1), Petitioner will
comply with the other applicable procedures and requirements stated in § 91.103(a) and
(b). Specifically, the PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, aircraft performance data, and landing and takeoff distances before
initiation of a flight. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions in
their preflight procedures. Risks presented by sun glare will be mitigated by the PIC's
and VO's ability to see other air traffic and initiate a return-to-home sequence if needed.

Radio Frequencies

Radio frequencies used will be those allotted by the FCC for data transmission and
vehicle control in unlicensed frequency bands. All devices used will comply with FCC
usage and emissions regulations.

Safety and Benefits of the UAS

The petitioner will be using the UAS in a variety of applications that generally require
expensive full-size manned aircraft to complete. Small, light, unmanned aerial vehicles
offer myriad benefits over the use of full-sized manned aircraft for construction and
surveying, electric power line inspection, oil/gas pipeline inspection, advanced
agriculture, film and still photography, just to name a few. Replacing significantly larger

                                                          9
manned aircraft carrying crew and flammable fuel with small UAS carrying no
passengers or crew creates a much greater margin of safety for the pilots and crew.
The Petitioner has Supplied the Following Additional Information:
Appendix
DJI S1000+ Pilot Operating Handbook (POH) and User Manual
DJI Phantom 2 User Manual

Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, the exemptions requested herein are essential for the
performance of this specific technical services and procedures and the Petitioner should
be permitted to conduct small UAS operations in accordance with its manuals and all
other operating parameters deemed necessary and appropriate by the FAA.

                                                         10
