                            Exemption No. 11188
                    UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

               DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

                        WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of                Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0856

STATE FARM MUTUAL AUTOMOBILE
INSURANCE COMPANY

for an exemption from part 21 Subpart H;
21.191(a), §§ 45.23(b); 45.27; §§ 61.113(a)
and (b); §§ 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2);
and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

         By letter dated October 15, 2014, Mr. Jack Weekes, Operations Vice President for
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company (hereinafter Petitioner or Operator), One
State Farm Plaza, Bloomington, IL 61710-0001, petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) for an exemption part 21 Subpart H, §§ 21.191(a), 45.23(b), 45.27,
61.113(a) and (b), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2),
and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption
would allow the petitioner to commercially operate the Aerialtronics Altura Zenith ATX8 and
Altavian Nova F6500 unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for outdoor research and development
related to use of UAS for civil operations for insurance functions including using imagery and
analytics in underwriting, re-underwriting, catastrophe response, roof inspection, and claim
resolutions settings.

The petitioner requests an exemption from the following regulations:

Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and changing
design approvals, production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness

AFS-15-085-E
approvals. Subpart H prescribes procedural requirements for the issue of airworthiness
certificates and § 21.191(a) addresses research and development including testing new
aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment, new aircraft installations, new aircraft
operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only the Roman capital
letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on
that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Section 45.27 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each operator of a rotorcraft must display on
that rotorcraft horizontally on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks
required by §45.23.

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribes that--

    (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of
         an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may
         that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.

    (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection
         with any business or employment if--

         (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

         (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.119(c) prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

    (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under visual
flight rules (VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after
that for at least 45 minutes.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prescribes that no person may operate any aircraft that has undergone
maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been approved for
return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(1) and (2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that ­

    (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an aircraft
         unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--

         (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been
             approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or

         (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
             part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that--

    (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of
             the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
             appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller,
             rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include--

             (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work
                  performed; and

             (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

             (iii)The signature and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
                  return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:
             (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each
                  rotor.

             (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
                  rotor, and appliance.

             (iii)The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft that are
                  required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

             (iv)The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
                  inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                  appliances are maintained.

             (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                  directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

             (vi)Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) for each major alteration to the
                  airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.

    (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
             work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
             performed.

         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
             transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 shall be
             retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to
             service.

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner proposes to operate the Aerialtronics Altura Zenith ATX8 and Altavian Nova
F6500 UAS to conduct commercial operations for outdoor research and development related
to use of UAS for civil operations for insurance functions including using imagery and
analytics in underwriting, re-underwriting, catastrophe response, roof inspection, and claim
resolutions settings. See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the
proposed operations.

The Altura Zenith ATX8 is a quad rotor aircraft built with a monocoque carbon airframe. The
Zenith's maximum operating weight is less than 15 pounds.

The Nova F6500 Aircraft is an electric fixed wing UAS with a wingspan of 108 inches and a
maximum operating weight of less than 20 pounds.

The petitioner has provided the following information to support its request for an exemption,
which includes these proprietary supporting documents:

         1) Training Syllabus,
         2) Operations Manual including:

                  a) Appendix A: Nova F6500 Operator Manual,
                  b) Appendix B: Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual,
                  c) Appendix C: Nova MP32 Field Guide,
                  d) Appendix D: Nova VP23 Field Guide,
                  e) Appendix E: Aerialtronics Operations Manual,
                  f) Appendix E: Aerialtronics System Description Manual

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on November 14, 2014, (79
FR 68346). The FAA received three comments on the petition for exemption. The Small
UAV Coalition (Coalition) supported the petition and the Air Line Pilots Association,
International (ALPA) and the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under section 333 of Pub. L. 112­
95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and operational
circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial vehicles
based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The Coalition suggested FAA safety
regulations be proportionate to the risks posed by the particular proposed UAS operations by
distinguishing between UAS. The petitioner's UAS pose considerably less safety risk than
larger UAS. The Coalition asserted that because UAS operations like the petitioner's pose
minimal risk to safety, they should be subject to minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors1 in section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those

1 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112-95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
security; ..."
specified in section 333, such as the location and altitude of its small UAV operations. The
Coalition maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven factors in
section 333 and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety and security
of the proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must evaluate each
factor within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate, but stated that at a minimum the FAA should provide an exemption
from part 61 and approve training, experience, and testing regiments that pertain to UAS
commercial operations pertinent to the aircraft and operation proposed. The Coalition also
asserted that Congress intended the section 333 national security criterion to focus on the
operation rather than on the pilot and that shifting that focus imposes an unnecessary burden.

In response, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd. (No. 11110),
neither section 333 nor the FAA's authority to exempt from its regulations found in
49 USC § 44701(f), authorizes the FAA to provide exemption to the statutory requirement to
hold an airman certificate as prescribed in 49 USC § 44711. The FAA notes that under this
exemption the petitioner proposed to use pilots holding private certificates and it will be able
to use the training program it proposed. Finally, the FAA does not agree that relying on the
pilot certificate for a national security finding poses an unnecessary burden because pilots
under this exemption, and the exemptions granted previously to section 333 requests, are
already required to hold a pilot certificate to satisfy 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operation. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may
allow the UAS to be operated beyond visual line of sight (VLOS) of the pilot in command
(PIC) and that the petitioner's proposal to operate the unmanned aircraft (UA) within VLOS
of the PIC and/or VO should be permitted. The FAA notes that one of the determinations for
operations under section 333 is operation within visual line of sight. As the PIC is determined
to be in command of the UA, he or she must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The
FAA also notes that a visual observer complements the PICs capability to see and avoid other
aircraft, including when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks. The VO
provides an additional level of operational safety.

The Coalition stated that submitting a plan of activities "in all cases" should not be required of
sUAS operators and notifying the FAA should be necessary only when there is a potential
conflict with manned aircraft operations because of the altitude of the UAV operaton or its
proximity to airports. Although the petitioner has volunteered to submit a written Plan of
Activities to the local FSDO, this is not required by this grant of exemption.

The Coalition also commented that in the case of State Farm's proposed operation over State
Farm property at least 5 miles from any airport that it is not necessary to obtain a letter of
agreement when in proximity of non-towered airports, rather, that State Farm be mindful of
any nearby airfields and knowledgeable about arrival and departure paths. These comments
are addressed in the FAA's analysis and conditions and limitations below.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA noted the
petitioner's reference to operations conducted within "limited or predetermined" sterile areas
is not defined, nor does the petitioner detail procedures for controlling the airspace or area of
operation. Specifically, ALPA stated "there must be means both to ensure that the sUAS
remains within the defined airspace and to ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on
the operation is mitigated." The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will
operate (i.e. VLOS and at or below 400 feet above ground level (AGL) with a VO) are
sufficient mitigations to this risk so that the operations will not adversely affect safety.
Additionally, State Farm will utilize geo-fencing at test sites to ensure the UAS remain within
defined boundaries.

Regarding the petitioner's statement that the PIC and observer will be able to communicate by
voice or text, ALPA stated that the pilot and observer should be able to maintain a visual
observation of the aircraft and area of operation when using voice communication. NAAA
states UAS observers must be present and able to communicate with the operator from the
most minimal distance possible. The FAA has inserted a condition regarding PIC and VO
communications.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The FAA notes, that the referenced study was primarily
conducted to determine how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned
airplanes. Given the size of the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA
concludes that the use of a lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the
proposed operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent fly-
aways or other scenarios. The FAA agrees and carefully examined the proposed operation to
ensure that the vehicle design and the petitioner's operating documents addressed potential
hazards related to C2 failure. The FAA finds that the UAS to be operated by the petitioner has
sufficient design features to address these hazards. The FAA also finds that the operating
documents have incorporated safety procedures to be followed by all operational participants
should a C2 failure occur. Further detail is contained in the analysis of the UAS below.

Although the petitioner did not request an exemption from § 91.203, ALPA states the UAS
should be certified to the same level of safety under § 91.203 as other commercially operated
aircraft in the National Airspace System (NAS). The FAA has addressed this comment in the
conditions and limitations below.
ALPA also notes that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
argues the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with an
appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserts a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. The National
Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) also commented on pilot qualification, stating--

      Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous training
      curriculum and show that they are fit to operate a commercial aircraft, so too
      must UAS operators. Holding a commercial certificate holds UAS operators
      to similar high standards as commercial aircraft operators and ensures they
      are aware of their responsibilities as commercial operators within the NAS.
      Medical requirements ensure they have the necessary visual and mental
      acuity to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a sustained period of
      time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training required by holders of both private and
commercial certificates. Additional details are available in the ensuing analysis of this issue
with regards to 14 CFR § 61.113.

ALPA also commented on14 CFR § 91.109 Flight Instruction, stating the petitioner intends to
conduct flight instruction. ALPA stated, "[w]hile the petitioner's rationale for this may have
some merit, the broader issue is that the petitioner makes no reference to any attempts to
comply with (or request a waiver to) 14 CFR 61.195 which defines the requirements for flight
instructors. Thus there is no indication at all regarding what the qualifications of persons, who
may be providing instruction, will be."

Regarding ALPA's comments on 14 CFR § 61.195, Flight instructor limitations and
qualifications, which defines the requirements for flight instructors, a certificated flight
instructor is authorized to provide the instruction required for the certificates or ratings or
currency listed in 14 CFR § 61.193. A person instructing on how to operate the UAS under
the petitioner's training program would not need to be a certificated flight instructor because
the instruction is not being provided for a certificate or rating listed in § 61.193. We note that
none of the UAS operations proposed by the petitioner require such flight instruction because
§ 61.31(l) allows for operation of the UAS by an airman who is current per 14 CFR § 61.56
without a category and class rating. Instruction provided toward obtaining the pilot certificate
required by this exemption would need to be provided by a certificated flight instructor.

ALPA notes the petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in
§ 91.113 given the absence of an onboard pilot. This comment is addressed in detail in the
FAA analysis below.
ALPA expressed concern regarding the petitioner's waiver request for 14 CFR § 91.119(c).
ALPA believes all aircraft in the National Airspace System (NAS) must operate to the same
high level of safety, this include maintaining a safe altitude for both airplanes and helicopters.
These comments are addressed in the FAA's analysis and conditions and limitations below.
ALPA mentioned the aircraft may not have a barometric altimeter as required by 14 CFR
§ 91.121, stating the ability to accurately maintain altitude must be addressed, and processes
or mitigations, such as redundant control capability, fail-safe systems, backups and specific,
validated procedures for system and equipment failures must be in place. The FAA addresses
this concern in its analysis of the exemption from 14 CFR § 91.121, finding that the
alternative means of compliance proposed by the petitioner does not adversely affect safety.

Regarding the fuel requirements of § 91.151, ALPA argued that using batteries as the only
source of an aircraft's power is a substantial shift from traditional methods of propulsion, and
requires further research to determine best safety practices. This comment is addressed in
detail below.

Regarding §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), ALPA opposed the
petitioner's "attempt to avoid compliance with established aircraft maintenance and record
keeping" requirements. ALPA stated the UAS should comply with the same level of safety as
other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS. This comment is addressed in detail below.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's waiver request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated this results
in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPA's concern and
in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires each operator secure a
COA which covers specific details of the petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS
integration will generate new NAS access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA stated it represents the interests of small business owners and pilots licensed as
commercial applicators. NAAA explained that its members operate in low-level airspace, and
a clear flight path in low-level airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. The FAA
believes an equivalent level of safety can be maintained through strict adherence to the
petitioner's operating documents, the additional conditions and limitations identified below,
as well as requirements incorporated in the Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued COA.

NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the
backbone for agricultural safety, and agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to
perform their see-and-avoid functions needed to prevent collisions. NAAA believes UA
operations at low altitudes will increase the potential of collision hazards with agricultural
aircraft. NAAA argued that until adequate see-and-avoid technology is developed, the FAA
should require UAS operators to post a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) 48 to 72 hours before
operations. NAAA proposes UAS aircraft be painted a highly visible color, be equipped with
strobe lights, and use Automatic Dependent Surveillance­Broadcast (ADS­B) or other similar
location reporting technology. To address these concerns the FAA has incorporated
associated conditions and limitations into this exemption, including: a) NOTAMs issued for
all operations, b) operations conducted within VLOS of the PIC and the VO, and c) the UAS
PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA also proposed a number of operating limitations and requirements for UAS operators.
NAAA stated UAS operators should have procedures to immediately ground the UAS if
another low-flying aircraft is within 2 miles; be attending/monitoring UAS at all time and
attentive to surroundings (no headphones, etc., or other distractions); comply with all
applicable regulations, policies, and procedures; be equipped with aviation radios set to a
locally defined frequency; have a separate VO with a second-class medical certificate and
perform duties for only one UAS at a time; maintain line-of-sight operations; and be well-
versed in the UAS operator document. NAAA further stated the UAS should be properly
maintained; have a registered N-Number on an indestructible and unmovable plate; and be
required to have an airworthiness certificate and liability insurance. These comments are
addressed in the FAA's analysis and conditions and limitations.

The petitioner filed a response to ALPA's and NAAA's comments. The petitioner noted that
its use of UAS for research and development addresses the safety concerns voiced
by ALPA and NAAA.

Concerns raised in this comment section are addressed in the FAA's analysis below and where
necessary appropriate risk mitigations are implemented through the conditions and limitations
on the operations.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into four sections: (1) Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS),
(2) the UAS pilot in command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating parameters, and (4) the public
interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H Airworthiness Certificates. In
accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to
49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined
that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the
requested relief from 14 CFR parts 21, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned helicopters conducting aerial surveying can weigh 6,000 lbs. or more and are
operated by an onboard pilot, in addition to other onboard crewmembers, as necessary. The
petitioner's UA will weigh less than 20 lbs. with no onboard pilot or crew. The pilot and crew
will be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight significantly reduces the
potential for harm to participating and nonparticipating individuals or property in the event of
an incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is
eliminated with the use of a UA for the aerial filming operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
petitioner's UA carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or accident
due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

This exemption does not require an electronic means to monitor and communicate with other
aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather the FAA is mitigating the
risk of these operations by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds,
permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UA be operated within VLOS,
utilize a visual observer for all flights, and yield right of way to all other manned operations.
Additionally, the exemption provides that the operator will request a NOTAM prior to
operations to alert other users of the NAS. These mitigations address concerns raised by
NAAA and ALPA regarding awareness of UAS operations occurring in the airspace.

The petitioner's two UAS have the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-
flight contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability and
control. The UAS are also able to respond to a loss of global positioning system (GPS) or a
lost-link event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver. These safety
features provide an equivalent level of safety compared to a manned aircraft performing a
similar operation and address ALPA's comment on mitigating risk of command and control
link failures.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 45.23(b), Display of marks, and
21.191 Experimental certificates, the petitioner requests this relief under the assumption that
marking with the word "experimental" will be required as a condition of a grant of exemption.
However, this marking is reserved for aircraft that are issued experimental certificates under
§ 21.191. The petitioner's UAS will not be certificated under § 21.191, and therefore the
"experimental" marking is not required. Since the petitioner's UAS will not be certificated
under § 21.191, a grant of exemption for §§ 45.23(b) and 21.191 is not necessary.

The petitioner has also requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.27(a), Location of marks. Given
that an exemption from § 45.23(b) is not necessary, an exemption from § 45.27(a) is also not
necessary. Markings must be as large as practicable per § 45.29(f).

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.405 (a) Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(1) and (a)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records, the FAA has
carefully evaluated the petitioner's request and determined that cause for granting the
exemption is warranted. The FAA notes that the petitioner's UAS operating documents
contain detailed preflight checks, as well as routine maintenance, preventative maintenance,
replacement/overhaul of component parts and alterations for the UAS. The FAA finds that
adherence to the petitioner's operating documents, and the conditions and limitations below
are sufficient to ensure that safety is not adversely affected. In accordance with the petitioner's
UAS maintenance, inspection, and recordkeeping requirements, the FAA finds that exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) is
warranted subject to the conditions and limitations below.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b) Private pilot
privileges and limitations, the petitioner proposes to operate its UAS with a pilot holding, at a
minimum, a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate for its
Phase I R&D operations. However, for Phase II R&D operations, the petitioner requests use of
"PICs holding third-class medical certificates" with certificated pilots acting in a supervisory
capacity. Although Section 333 provides limited statutory flexibility relative
to 49 USC § 44704 for the purposes of airworthiness certification, it does not provide
flexibility relative to other sections of 49 USC. Therefore, the FAA does not possess the
authority to exempt from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate, as prescribed
in 49 USC § 44711. For further information see Exemption No. 11110, Trimble Navigation,
Ltd.

The FAA is also requiring a pilot certificate for UAS operations because pilots holding an
FAA issued private or commercial pilot certificate are subject to the security screening by the
Department of Homeland Security that certificated airmen undergo. As previously determined
by the Secretary, the requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates security concerns
over civil UAS operations conducted in accordance with Section 333.

Given these grounds, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for
the petitioner's proposed operation.

Under current regulations, civil operations for compensation or hire require a PIC holding a
commercial pilot certificate per 14 CFR part 61. Based on the private pilot limitations in
accordance with pertinent parts of 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b), a pilot holding a private pilot
certificate cannot act as a PIC of an aircraft for compensation or hire unless the flight is only
incidental to a business or employment. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to
Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate
operating the Astraeus UAS would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a
hazard to persons or property on the ground.

The FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and has determined that it does not
differ significantly from the situation described in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 (Astraeus
Aerial). The petitioner plans to operate over private property with controlled access in the
NAS. Given: 1) the similar nature of the petitioner's proposed operating environment to that
of Astraeus, 2) the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to
those of commercial requirements [ref: Exemption No. 11062], and 3) the airmanship skills
necessary to operate the UAS, the FAA finds that the additional manned airmanship
experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills
necessary for the petitioner's specific proposed operations. Therefore, the FAA finds that a
PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate is
appropriate for the proposed operations.

With regard to the airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS (item #3 stated above), the
petitioner has proposed that "prior to operations, the pilot must have accumulated and logged
a minimum of 200 flight cycles, or more as required by the FAA, and 25 hours of total time as
a UAS rotorcraft pilot." "The pilot must also have accumulated and logged prior to operations
at least ten hours as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single blade or multi-rotor)." The
conditions and limitations below stipulate that the petitioner may not permit any PIC to
operate unless that PIC has demonstrated through the petitioner's training and currency
requirements that the PIC is able to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how
the UAS will be operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers
and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

In conclusion, the FAA finds that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class
airman medical certificate, and who has completed the petitioner's UAS training and currency
requirements, can conduct the proposed UAS operations without adversely affecting the safety
of the NAS and persons or property on the ground. Upon consideration of the overall safety
case presented by the petitioner and the concerns of the commenters, the FAA finds that
granting the requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) and (b), is warranted.

The FAA considers the PIC to be designated for the duration of the flight. Therefore, per the
conditions and limitations below, the PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

The petitioner has also indicated it will supplement his proposed operation(s) with a VO. The
conditions and limitations below stipulate that the PIC must ensure that the VO can perform
the functions prescribed in the operating documents. Additionally, as discussed in Exemption
No. 11109 to Clayco, Inc., there are no regulatory requirements for visual observer medical
certificates. Although a medical certificate is not required for a VO, the UA must never be
operated beyond the actual visual capabilities of the VO, and the VO and PIC must have the
ability to maintain VLOS with the UA at all times. It is the responsibility of the PIC to be
aware of the VO's visual limitations and limit operations of the UA to distances within the
visual capabilities of both the PIC and VO. Moreover, the VO will not be operating the
aircraft. Therefore, as in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus, the FAA does not
consider a medical certificate necessary for the VO.

UAS Operating Parameters

Although the petitioner did not seek relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness,
the FAA finds that relief from § 91.7 is necessary. While the UAS will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H, the FAA considers
the petitioner's compliance with its operating documents to be sufficient means for
determining an airworthy condition in accordance with § 91.7(a). Therefore, relief from
§ 91.7(a) is granted. The petitioner is still required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy
condition ­ based on compliance with manuals and checklists identified above ­ prior to every
flight.

Additionally, in accordance 14 CFR § 91.7(b), the PIC is responsible for determining whether
the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. The FAA finds that the PIC can comply with this
requirement.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119(c) Minimum safe altitudes:
Over other than congested areas, relief is sought because the petitioner states that operations
will only be conducted within "a restricted area where buildings and people will not be
exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent." The petitioner proposes to operate
the UA no more than 400 feet AGL.

The FAA is requiring that prior to conducting UAS specific operations, all persons not
essential to flight operations (nonparticipating persons) must remain at appropriate distances.
In open areas this requires the UA to remain 500 feet from all persons other than essential
flight personnel (i.e. the PIC and VO). The FAA has also considered that each UA will weigh
20 pounds or less. If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from debris in the event of an accident, then the UA may operate
closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The operator must ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
operations must cease immediately. The primary concern, when considering how to
immediately cease operations, is the safety of those nonparticipating persons. In addition, the
FAA finds that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles and
structures when the land owner/controller grants such permission and the PIC makes a safety
assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects. Provided adherence to the
procedures in the operating documents and the additional conditions and limitations outlined
below, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter settings, the FAA
believes that an altitude reading is a critical safety component of the petitioner's proposed
operation. Although the petitioner will not have a typical barometric altimeter onboard the
aircraft, the FAA finds the petitioner's intention to operate the UA within VLOS and at or
below 400 feet AGL, combined with the petitioner's intention to provide altitude information
to the UAS pilot via a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the
aircraft to the PIC for active monitoring of the flight path, to be a sufficient method for
ensuring the UAS operations do not adversely affect safety. The altitude information will be
generated by GPS equipment installed onboard the aircraft, and/or a static pressure sensor
(barometer) which aids in estimating the altitude. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation
point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the UAS PIC. The FAA has
determined that good cause exists for granting the requested relief to 14 CFR § 91.121 and
this approach satisfies ALPA's concern about the ability of the UAS to accurately maintain
altitude.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 91.151 (a) Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than
prescribed minimums, including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. In addition, similar
UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and 10673 for daytime,
VFR conditions. The petitioner states in the event that the UAS should run out of power, it
would simply land within the access controlled operating area. Given its weight and
construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

Regarding the ATX8, as stated in the UA specifications in the operating documents, the UA
batteries provide 35 minutes of powered flight on average. The operating documents indicate
that at 30% reserve, the UA will enter a return and land sequence and at 20% reserve, the UA
will land immediately. Therefore, the FAA has determined that the PIC will be prohibited
from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough power to fly at a normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA
with not less than 30% battery power remaining.

Regarding the F6500, as stated in the UA specifications in the operating documents, the UAS
indicates current remaining battery power measured in volts. The indication is located above
the HUD. There are two UA failsafes contingent upon battery voltage:

     · Low battery failsafe 1: Battery voltage is 20.4V or less. The UA will fly to rally if the
         battery remains at 20.4V or lower for 5 seconds.

     · Low battery failsafe 2: Battery voltage is critically low battery at 19.4V or less. The
         UA will land regardless of location.

Therefore, the FAA has determined that the PIC will be prohibited from beginning a flight
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at a
normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with not less than 20.4
volts battery power remaining.

Therefore, the FAA grants the relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) to the extent necessary to
comply with the conditions and limitations below.

Additionally, in evaluating the petitioner's proposed operating parameters with regard to
VLOS and a safe operating perimeter, the FAA considered operations from a moving device
or vehicle. Since the petitioner did not discuss provisions for these circumstances, the
conditions and limitations below preclude operations from moving devices or vehicles.
Regarding an ATO issued COA, the majority of current UAS operations occurring in the NAS
are being coordinated through Air Traffic Control (ATC) by the issuance of a COA. This is an
existing process that not only makes local ATC facilities aware of UAS operations, but also
provides ATC the ability to consider airspace issues that are unique to UAS operations. The
COA will require the operator to request a NOTAM, which is the mechanism for alerting
other users of the NAS to the UAS activities being conducted. Therefore, the FAA believes
that adherence to this process is the safest and most expeditious way to permit the petitioner to
conduct their proposed UAS operations. The conditions and limitations below prescribe the
requirement for the petitioner to obtain an ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety and
reduced environmental impact achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the
petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest. The FAA also
finds that UAS provide an additional tool for aerial imagery in support of the insurance
industry, adding a greater degree of flexibility and enhanced safety, which supplements the
current capabilities offered by manned aircraft.
The following table summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding the relief sought by the
petitioner:

Relief considered (14 CFR)  FAA determination (14 CFR)
21 Subpart H                Relief not necessary
21.191(a)                   Relief not necessary
45.23(b)                    Relief not necessary
45.27                       Relief not necessary
61.113(a) and (b)           Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations
91.7(a)                     Relief granted with conditions and
91.119(c)                   limitations
91.121                      Granted with conditions and limitations
91.151(a)                   Granted with conditions and limitations
                            Relied granted for 91.151(a)(1), day,
91.405(a)                   with conditions and limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
91.407(a)(1)                limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
91.409(a)(1) and (2)        limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
91.417(a) and (b)           limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations

The FAA's Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of outdoor research
and development related to the use of UAS for civil operations for insurance functions
including: using imagery and analytics in underwriting, re-underwriting, catastrophe response,
roof inspection, and claim resolutions settings. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.
Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

         1) Training Syllabus,
         2) Operations Manual including:

                  g) Appendix A: Nova F6500 Operator Manual,
                  h) Appendix B: Nova F6500 Maintenance Manual,
                  i) Appendix C: Nova MP32 Field Guide,
                  j) Appendix D: Nova VP23 Field Guide,
                  k) Appendix E: Aerialtronics Operations Manual,
                  l) Appendix E: Aerialtronics System Description Manual

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents which are the Aerialtronics Altura Zenith ATX8
         Unmanned Aircraft System, a quad rotor aircraft weighing less than 18 pounds
         maximum takeoff weight, and the Altavian Nova F6500, an all electric fixed wing
         UAS with a wingspan of 108 inches and a maximum operating weight of less than 20
         pounds. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this grant.

    2. UAS operations under this exemption are limited to outdoor research and development
         related to the use of a UAS for insurance functions including: using imagery and
         analytics in underwriting, re-underwriting, catastrophe response, roof inspection, and
         claim resolutions settings.

    3. The UAs may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 50 knots.

    4. The UA's must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes
         reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
         VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
    PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting
    is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight
    and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

7. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
    avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
    permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.

8. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
    documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present
    updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must
    also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment.
    If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon
    which the FAA granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment
    to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
    questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

9. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight in accordance with the operating documents. The PIC who
    conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of
    the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft
    record entry must be added to the operating documents.

11. The preflight inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
    components, items, or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection
    sections of the operating documents.

12. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements, with particular attention
    to flight critical components that may not be addressed in the manufacturer's manuals.
13. The operator must carry out their maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    and alterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours,
    description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized UAS technician
    returning the UAS to service.

14. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
    Bulletins.

15. The authorized person must make a record entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

16. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and a current third-class airman
    medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

17. Prior to operations, the PIC must have completed the operator's training and currency
    requirements as prescribed in the operating documents. During that training, the PIC
    must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b),
    the minimum hours prescribe in the operating documents as UAS pilot operating the
    make and model of the UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption.
    Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can be conducted under this
    grant of exemption to qualify the operator's PIC(s), VO(s) and other essential
    personnel as defined in the operating documents. However, said training operations
    may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
    proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with
    appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless that PIC has demonstrated
    through the operator's training and currency requirements that the PIC is able to safely
    operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
    exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
    distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

19. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport reference point of an
    airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart. The UA may not
    operate within 3 nautical miles from any city or densely populated area.

21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
22. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land or be
    recovered in accordance with the operating documents.

23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions and assuming normal cruising speed) there is enough
    power to fly to the intended landing point and land the UA:

         a. When operating the ATX-8: with 30% battery power remaining.
         b. When operating the F6500: with battery voltage not less than 20.4 volts.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
    exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
    operation, but may provide for a shorter time period in emergency response situations.
    All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in the
    ATO issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder
    requirements.

26. All operations shall be coordinated with state or local government agencies having
    jusidictional authority over the emergency response.

27. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

28. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.
    31. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

    32. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

    33. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons
         (persons other than the PIC or VO), vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
                  nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
                  where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
                  the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
             b. the aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
                  owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
                  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and;
             c. operations near the PIC or VO do not present an undue hazard to the PIC or
                  VO, per § 91.119(a).

    34. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
         Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
         obtained prior to the beginning of every flight.

    35. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on February 28, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on February 25, 2015.

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
