May 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11682
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0734

Mr. Stephen E. Van Vickle
104 South Foxhall Lane
Weyers Cave, VA 24486

Dear Mr. Van Vickle:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, commercial cinematic and academic flight operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Stephen E. Van Vickle is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Stephen E. Van Vickle is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
                                                                                                            4

    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
                                                                                                            5

    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
EXEMPTION REQUEST

              Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act.

                           MARCH 2, 2015

                                   STEPHEN VAN VICKLE
               104 South Foxhall Lane, Weyers Cave, Va . 24486
March 14, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System

1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act.
Dear Sir or Madam:

eSPqtueurpsiphupeaenndtEttooVaScnoencVtdiiocunkciet3a3(et3hrieoalfatpphhpeolitcFoaAgnArat)Mp, hopydlaeanrnnndiezdsautoiotvpneeyraanftodorrRvoeaffroSiormmuasAllincudtnuomsftar2nie0ns1e2hde(AtrheierbcyrRaaefptfopSrlimyesstAefmoctrs),a(nIs,UAS)
eeloxsnetgambaplisstihsouencdhfrbooymptehFreaetdFioAenrAsalaasArevreicaqotuinoidrneudcRtebegyduSwlaeittcihotinionsna(3Fn3Ad3R.usn)dtoerathlloewcocnodmitmioensrcioaul tolinpeedrahtieorneinofotrhaesirmsUayASb,eso
Contact information

Stephen E. Van Vickie
104 South Foxhall Lane
Weyers Cave, Virginia 24486
Phone: (540) 209-0700
Fax: (540) 437-3517

Email: Stephen@VanVickle.com

The specific section or sections of 14 CFR from which I seek and exemption:

Exemption Request Pursuant to Section  333  of  the  FMRA  and  Part  11  of  the  Federal  Aviation
Regulations, Seeking Exemption from:

14 CFR Part 21 Subpart H
14 CFR § 45.23{b)
14 CFR 91.119(c)
14 CFR 91.121

14 CFR 91.151
14 CFR 91.405

14 CFR 91.407(a)(1)
14 CFR 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

The extent of relief and the reason I seek the relief:

oiImAn,pcteeSet,,grteaS1rpat1tieoht2ipeonhPnsne.LwEno.ifVtE9hca5iiVvnn§ailVt§nhuicenV3km3iicne1kaa,-int3eaino,3enc4cdoa,omlsnaaetmieirercmsekrpriapncafgliaatcetlsreeypdssliiylteocesftomt,efmrmssomumi.nbeTtmroahcnieitoaytulRhcrcieusinnfroaearretmpminopatnlAlitycaiccala,ttaipiaonirpcnslaSipcideanaeccbamteliecoisccnFyoasA3rdnt3Read2smnoopcteaprhoseewvririatditftheiilsnisgtgihnhfoetttorhRespeurfceohvrment

                                                                                                                                                Stephen EVan VIckie- Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Page 1 of7
 public's interest to do so. My, Stephen E Van Vickie's, sUAS1 meets the definition of "small
 unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore the integration of my sUAS is expressly
 contemplated by the Reform Act. I would like to operate my sUAS prior to the time period by which
 the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft. Thereby, providing
 direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be administered uniformly
 to all related sUAS aerial video and photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in
 determining the types of sUAS that may operate safely in our national airspace system.
 Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the sUAS's; whether the
sUAS will be operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, Whether the sUAS will be
operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an
exemption for me, Stephen E Van Vickie. My sUAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers for
 balance, control and stability. My sUAS is equipped with GPS and auto return safety technology.
Weighing less than six (6) pounds {far below the maximum 55 pound limit); including payload.
I, Stephen E Van Vickie, considers safety as foremost with each flight. Built in safety systems
include a GPS mode that allows my sUAS to hover in place when radio controls are released. When
pilot communication is lost sUAS is designed slowly descend to point of takeoff. I do not operate
my sUAS near Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general public is
within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions and weather. I am
constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and prepared to
land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned aircraft approach
my location or I suspect manned aircraft may approach near my location. My sUAS is capable of
vertical and horizontal operations, and are flown only within my line of sight and my visual observer
(VO), as the remote control pilot. Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights
generally last between five (5) to fifteen (15) minutes, with an altitude generally under two
hundred fifty (250) feet. I, Stephen EVan Vickie, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each
flight as a safety precaution; full flight time limit for each battery Is (25) minutes as tested. I do not
operate my sUAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for operation2;
preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication between
radio control and sUAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries
are at hand with each exercise to insure replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I do not
believe in taking risk that may cause a crash that could create hazard to the public, property, or
other manned aircraft. I have logged1 numerous practice flights in remote areas as a hobbyist
simulating flights for future commercial use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this
specific sUAS's performance under different temperature and weather conditions. I also practice
computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate skills and response reflex time. All for the sake
of safety.
I, Stephen E Van Vickie's, am extremely cautious when operating of my sUAS will not "create a
hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the
small size and weight of my sUAS's it falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it
promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate sUAS's into the national
airspace system. Stephen E Van Vickie's sUAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety
record and does not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

1 APPENDIX A- Phantom 2 Vision+
2 APPENDIX A- Phantom 2 Vision+ Smart Flight Battery Guidelines
3 APPENDIX B - Forms- Pilot Master log

                                                                 Stephen E Van Vickie - Section 333 Exempti on Petition

                                                                                                                     Pase 2 of7
How the request would benefit the public as a whole:
Aerial videography for geographical awareness has been around for a long time through manned
fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget companies the expense of such aerial
videography is cost prohibitive. Only large companies can afford to absorb such expense. Depriving
lower budget business from a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat to the public
through potential catastrophic crash that this area has experienced in the past with military aircraft
and medical helicopter crashes. Each resulting In loss of life. Each with combustible fuel that
exploded and burned on impact. My, Stephen E Van Vickie's, sUAS pose no such threat since size
and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any potential threat to the public. Congress has already
proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown sUAS's into the national
airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting my, Stephen EVan Vickie,
exemption request furthers the public interest through academic/visual awareness of the
geographical benefits. My sUAS is battery powered and creates no emissions that can harm the
environment. The consequence of my sUAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed
wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic devastation to
the public.

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial
video/photo capture through my battery operated sUAS. Permitting me, Stephen E Van Vickie, to
immediately fly within national air space furthers economic growth. Granting my exemption request
substantially furthers the economic impact for the companies looking to relocate or build as well as
individuals looking to relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical
awareness. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

Reasons why the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the exemption
would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rule:

My, Stephen EVan Vickie's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the
reasons stated permitting me, Stephen E Van Vickie, to log more flight time in FAA controlled
airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation and
implementation of new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols development in
cooperation with the FAA. In addition I, Stephen E Van Vickie, submit the following representations
of enhancements to current aerial videography and photography:

     · My sUAS weighs 5.7 pounds including payload.
     · My sUAS will not exceed 33.40 MPH (42.6 Knots).
     · My sUAS will only be operated by a person that is at a minimum a licensed private pilot,

         with at least a third class medical.
     · I only operate my sUAS well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set by the FAA

         Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.
     · My sUAS will only operate for 5 -15 minutes per flight.
     · My sUAS meets or exceeds all FCC requirements."~
     · I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power.
     · I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight of the PIC and the visual

        observer.

4 APPENDIX- Forms · FCC Verifications

                                       Stephen EVan VIckie- Section 333 Exemption Petiti on

                                                                                                                 P~ge3or7
      · My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if                                       ..
         communication with the remote control pilot is lost.

      · I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and
         enhance safety protocols.

      · I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away from
         power lines, elevated lights and actively populated areas.

      · I conduct pre-flight inspections5 and protocol6, during which safety carries primary
         importance.

      · I always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation7·

My, Stephen EVan Vickie's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing
rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into our national
airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and photography for community
awareness and real estate. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably astounding,
there has been a local incident involving loss of life; it is far safer to operate a battery powered
sUAS.

     · First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on board and I
         only operates my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations.

    · Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is
         greatly diminished.

    · Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow me to remotely pilot
         away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.

    · Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images,
         my UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused on through the technology
         and use of post editing software allowing pan and zoom.

Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency and will
continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

A summary that can be published in the Federal Register

14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and the like.
14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for
procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR§ 91.203(a){1).
The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my, Stephen EVan Vickie's, sUAS permits
exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA Is authorized to exempt aircraft: from the
airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the airworthiness
certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and proximity to

5 APPENDIX FORMS - Preflight Check list
6 APPENDIX FORMS- Flight Safety

7 Appendix Forms - Flight Notification

                                                         Stephen EVan Vickie- Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                    Page 4 of7
areas such as airports and dense populations. My, Stephen EVan Vickie's, current and projected
UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate.

As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
Inapplicable.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft.

As there are no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual
delineating areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this
regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602,
10700 and 32827.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings.

This is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes electronic global positioning systems with a
barometric sensor.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
registrations.

They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by me, Stephen E Van
Vickie.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of the Aircraft.

Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain
specifications. My sUAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit
or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further, two-inch lettering is impossible
to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that minimal lettering requirement. The FAA
has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A
and 10700.

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters to
be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My sUAS will never operate at an altitude
greater than the standard of 400 AGL. I, Stephen E Van Vickie, will however operate my sUAS in
safe areas away from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below
those in relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of
my sUAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved. The UA may not operate within 5
nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement
with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request. The FAA

                                                                                                                                                 Stephen EVan Vitlde - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pa&e5 o l7
has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemptions No. 11067, 11158, 11161,
11166, 11167, 11170, 11172.

14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.
The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to "have
[the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."
These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore,
apply to my, Stephen EVan Vickie's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my UAS before
and after each flight. Log any discrepancies and repairs in the maintenance log8·

A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:
14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21,
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR§ 91.203(a)(l). The size, weight and enclosed
operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my, Stephen EVan Vickie's,
sUAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49
U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to
exempt sUAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size,
speed, maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My UAS
meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft
without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form
contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an
aircraft flight manual In the aircraft. As there are no pilots or passengers, and given the size of the
UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607,
8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 95658, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular
software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level
of safety will be achieved.

Any additional Information, views or argument available to support your request.
Currently, area awareness and aerial videography/photography relies primarily on the use of larger
aircraft running on combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting my, Stephen EVan
Vickie's, request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety. My sUAS
craft does not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than
conventional video and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established

8 APPENDIX- Forms - Maintenance Log

                                     Stephen E Van VIckie - Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                PaRe6of7
    air fields. I, Stephen E Van Vickie, have been informally analyzing flight information and will
    compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight operations manual for usage that
    exceeds currently accepted means and methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information
    shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with
    the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel on board my, Stephen E
    Van Vickie's, sUAS and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is significantly
    diminished. My, Stephen EVan Vickie's, operation of my sUAS, weighing less than 20 pounds and
    travelling at lower speeds within limited areas will provide an equivalent level of safety as that
    achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I, Stephen E Van Vickie, respectfully request that the FAA
    grant my exemption request and am willing to cooperate in sharing information to benefit the FAA,
    safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large.
    I am not asking for exemption from 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b) as I have a commercial licenses
    (certificate# 2029682) with over 40 years of experience and 17,000+ logged hours.
    I do not wish to exercise the privileges of my exemption outside the U.S.
    Respectfully submitted,

~f~t-/~

    Stephen E Van Vickie
    104 South Foxhall Lane
    Weyers Cave, Virginia 24486
    Phone: (540) 209-0700
    Fax: (540) 437-3517
    Email: Stephen@VanVickle.com

                                                                                                                                                         Stephen EVan Vickie- Section 333 Exemption Petition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pase 7 of7
