June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11859
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1060

Mr. Steve Fincher
Steve Fincher Photography
6240 N. Pinnacle Drive
Spartanburg, SC 29303

Dear Mr. Fincher:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Steve Fincher Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and filmmaking.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3DR Iris+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Steve Fincher Photography is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Steve Fincher Photography is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR Iris+ when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Steve Fincher Photography                                                                                         \
6240 N. Pinnacle Dr.
Spartanburg, S.C. 29303                                                                                           I
Cell: 864-216-5083
email: steve@fincherphoto.com
website: www.fincherphoto.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regula-
tions

This application is being submitted on our own behalf without legal council or consulting services.

Dear Sir or Madam:
Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 C.P.R. Part
11, Steve Fincher Photography Inc. does hereby apply for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FAR's") identified below, to allow commercial use of small unmanned aerial systems ("sUAS") for the purpose
of aerial photography and filmmaking.

Also, pursuant to 14 CPR§ 11.87, we request that the FAA not publish this petition request in the Federal Regis-
ter and not delay action based on the following:

1. This petition for exemption does not set precedent. Previous identical exemption requests have been approved.

2. The requested relief is identical to exemptions granted previously, specifically, Exemption(s) Nos. 11109
(Clayco, Inc.) and 11170 (Viafield)), 11310 (Colin Hinkle), and others.

3. A delay in actioJ? on this petition would adversely affect pending requests for aerial photography operations
and result in lost opportunity and wages as several of my clients have been approached or have currently used
Amateur photographers providing this service without FAA exemption., the competitive advantage for unap-
proved commercial sUAS operators exists and continues to grow every day.
Part 11, Steve Fincher Photography Inc., seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("PARs")
listed below:

          · 14 C.P.R. Part 21
         · 14 C.P.R. 45.23
         · 14 C.P.R. 45.29
         · 14 C.P.R. 61.23
          · 14 C.P.R. 61.3
          · 14 C.P.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
         · 14 C.P.R. 61.133(a)
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.7(a)
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.9
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.119
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.121
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.151(a)
         · 14 C.P.R. 91.203
         · 14 CFR Subpart E (91.401- 91.417)

The requested exemption would authorize unmanned aircraft operations using the 3DR Iris+ for still photog-
raphy and video. These operations will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to ensure
at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts. Steve Fincher
Photography Inc, has established itself as a leader in commercial and aerial photography with 35 years in busi-
ness using small manned aircraft and with the use lightweight UASs would be able to operate in a much more
cost effective as well as a much safer manner as the sUAS would be much safer to operate as opposed to larger
heavier manned aircraft.

Steve Fincher Photography Inc, serves clients that include automotive manufacturing, industrial manufactur-
ing, architectural clients, construction companies, law enforcment, city, county and state agencies as well as
many other commercial and industrial cleints. We currently use helicopters and small manned aircraft to pro-
vide aerial photography of performance automobiles on the manufactureres closed circuit test facility, Indus-
trial equipment in use on construction sites, monthly construction progress recording, architectural photogra-
phy, road and bridge construction, sports photography for manufactures of kayaks and boating equipment, real
estate, corporate manufacturing facility photography and many other uses. By permiting us to use small UAV's
for these purposes it will greatly reduce the impact on the .environment ·with less fuel consumption as well
as less noise pollution. In addition the saftey factor with the use ofUAV's will be much better as we often are
required to fly low and in dose proximity to the subject. By using a 5 pound UAV instead of a manned aircraft
weighing hundreds or thousands of pounds everyone on the ground and in the air would be much safer.

Steve Fincher is the operator of the sUAV with 40 years of RC Aircraft experience and a member of the Acad-
emy of Model Aeronautics (AMA), Mr. Fincher is extremely concerned with safety in the operation of sUAS
systems and has 100's of hours flying small remote control aircraft as well as many hours flying the 3DR Iris+
which is the sUAS that will be used for both still photography and video. Steve Fincher has been operating
lightweight model aircraft as a hobby for many years without incident and would like to formally request per-
~ission t~ fly its ~ASs commercially in the United States to capture aerial photography and video. Each flight
IS flown Lme of Sight (LOS) and always below 400 feet. Predetermined, specifically marked areas of operation,
cordoned _o~locations and corresponding current safety controls will allow Steve Fincher Photography Inc. to
operate Withm current safety parameters. To date, Steve Fincher Photography Inc. has flown countless flights

and h~s done _so safe_ly and successfully. Steve Fincher Photography Inc. exemption request would permit its

operatiOn of lightweight, unmanned (piloted by remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UASs in tightly
controlled and limited airspace under 400 feet during daylight hours.
The 3DR Iris+ will be operated by Steve Fincher \Vho has the following requirements:

         · Is a registered member of the AMA.
         · Has over 100 hours of flight time using the 3DR Iris+.
         · Has studied and completed the 3DR manufacturers online video instruction for the assembly,

                   maintenance and repair of the Iris+.
         · Has studied and completed the 3DR manufacturers online video instruction for Pre-flight

                   procedures, flight procedures including both software controlled as well as manual controlled
                   flight and landing. Pilot has logged over 100 hour of flight time with th Iris+.
         · Has studied and completed the 3DR manufacturers online video instruction for the use and pro
                   gramming of flight patterns and flight procdures using both the Droidplanner and Mission
                   Planner software that is used in flight planning for the Iris+. This software allows the flight to
                   be pre-planned and programmed into the Iris+ which allow parameters to be set for maximum
                   altitude, distance from pilot as well as many other parameters. This allows for the
                   flight to be safely undertaked and controlled by the software but also allow with the flip
                   of one switch return of complete control back to the pilot.
         · Has held a General Class Amateur Radio Operators License for over 30 years that gives a unique
                   understanding of electronic circuitry for maintence and repair of the circuits used in the
                   Iris+, transmitter and antenna lobe characteristics and radio frequency characeristics that
                   help in understanding of RF interference as well as the limitations of the technology
                   associated with remote control aircraft.
         · Has been flying model aircraft for over 40 years with lOO's of hours flying remote control craft.
         · Has been flying ultralight aircraft for over 20 years and has completed a certified
                   training course including ground school for ultralight aircraft by Flight World, LLC .
         · 35 years experience shooting aerial photography from helicopters as well as small fixed wing air
                   craft is very familiar with rules and regulations reguarding altitude, flight patterns around airports
                   as well as other aircraft and communication with air traffic contollers when needed.
         · Has a valid driver's license
          · Steve Fincher Photography Inc. is covered with $2,000,000 of commercial insurance.

l. CHARACTERISTICS OF THE AIRCRAFT

The 3DR Iris+ is a smallS pound VAS with an on-board GPS and related flight management software that allows
the operator to safely and efficiently plan a mission in 30 and monitor it in real-time using Mission Planner
Software. The software has built in limitations that keep the flight to Line of Sight, limit the aircraft to altitudes
of no more than 400 feet. Additionally the software provides automatic land with return to home function in
case of low battery, GPS signal loss or also with the flip of a switch in case of an emergency. The 3DR Iris plus is
electric powered with a flight time or no more than 20 minutes per battery so there is no flamable fuel onboard.
Currently, this identical as well as similar lightweight, remote controlled UASs have been aaproved for exemption
by the FAA, as well as many are legally operated by amateurs with no flight experience, safety plan or controls in
place to prevent catastrophe. It is only logical to allow Steve Fincher Photography Inc. highly experienced remote
control pilot, to operate similar lightweight UASs.
          ..---------------------------------- ~

2. APPLICATIONS AND ADDED VALUE

Steve Fincher Photography intents to use the IriS+ to augment our exsiting photography service and feel that
the savings on impact to the environment on fuel usage, noise factor and the safety of a small 5 pound aircraft as
opposed to aircraft weighing hundreds of pounds will benefit all invloved. This will also allow us to get a much
desired lower angle photograph than is currently possible to acheive with manned aircraft while still operating in
a much safer manner.

3. APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

a. Airworthiness assessment of the Iris+

Steve Fincher Photography notes that the airworthiness of the Iris+ has already been approved for exemption in
many cases by the FAA.

b. Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to Steve Fincher Photography for use of the Iris+ will be subject to the following operat-
ing conditions, based on the operating conditions set forth by the Academy of Model Aeronautics). The main
restrictions are summarized below:

         · Operations to be conducted over private, controlled-access, or public property where approved
         · Permission from the land owner/authority required before commencing any flight
         · Operations over congested areas shall be avoided;
         · Operations must not interfere with manned aircraft operations, must yield the right of way to

                   manned aircraft, and operators must See & Avoid other aircraft and obstacles at all times
         · Operations limited to Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC) and daylight hours
         · Aircraft operations must remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) and will be visually moni

                   tored at all times;
         · Visual Line of Sight operations guaranteed with a GPS geo-fence around operator of 0.15 miles
         · Flight ceiling pre-programed at 400 feet;
          · All operations conducted within 5 miles from an airport shall only be initiated after verbal

                   coordination with the airport authority, or air traffic control when a control tower is present at the
                   airport;
          · All operations shall comply with required permissions and permits established by territorial,
                   state, county or city jurisdictions; including local law enforcement, fire, or other
                   appropriate governmental agencies.
         · The Iris+ operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the activities of
                   the related company.
                  -----------------------------CUI

EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER APPLICABLE
RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Steve Fincher Photography requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regu-
lations that may technically apply to the operation of the 3DR Iris+:

14 C.P.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(l)

Section 91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H, entitled Air-
worthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as
required by FAR§ 91.203(a). Given the size of the IriS+, its very light weight (the maximum take-off weight is
less than 5 pounds) and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through
the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H in order to achieve or e..xceed current safety lev-
els. The FAA has determined that no exemption is required of this section if a finding is made under the Reform_
Act that the sUAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when compared to aircraft normally used for
the same application. As the aircraft specified in this exemption request meet the size, weight, speed and other
characteristics of sUAS aircraft specified in previously approved exemption requests as noted, no exemption is
believed to be needed.

An equivalent or greater level of safety is obtained when sUAS physical and operating characteristics, safety sys-
tems, maintenance requirements and other operating procedures as set forth by the manufacturer (3D Robotics)
are followed.

14 C.P.R.§ 45.23 & 14 C.P.R.§ 45.29: Display of marks; size of marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration number in letters
at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word "EXPERIMENTAL' in letters at least 2
inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station.

Given the size of the Iris+, this requirement is impossible to match.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by having the upper part of the Iris+ provided with a decal with a
copy of the AMA membership as well as the address and phone number of the operator in charge.
                             -------------------------------~

14. CFR §61.23 Medical certificates: Requirement and duration

Regulations provide that a person:

(1) Must hold a first -class medical certificate:
         · When exercising the pilot-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate;
         · When exercising the second-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate in a

flag or supplemental operation in part 121 of this chapter that requires three or more pilots; or
         · When serving as a required pilot flight crew member in an operation conducted under part 121 of

this chapter if the pilot has reached his or her 60th birthday.

(2) Must hold at least a second class medical certificate when exercising:
         · Second-in-command privileges of an airline transport pilot certificate in part 121 of this chapter

(other than operations specified in paragraph (a)(l)(ii) of this section); or
         · Privileges of a commercial pilot certificate

Given the size of the Iris+, its structure, the limited flight area, and the safety features integrated in the autopilot
(among others the Flight Termination System), FAA has previously detrmined that an Equivalent Level of Safety
can be reached if the operator has a valid driver's license.

4 C.F.R. § 61.3: Requirements for certificates, ratings and authorizations
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in Command; Commercial
Pilot Privileges and Limitations

The regulation provide that no person may serve as a required pilot flight crewmember" of a civil aircraft of the
United States, unless that person:

(1) Has a pilot certificate or special purpose pilot authorization issued under this part in that person's physical
possession or readily accessible in the aircraft when exercising the privileges of that pilot certificate or authoriza-
tion. However, when the aircraft is operated within a foreign country, a pilot license issued by that country may
be used.

The regulation provides also that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of
an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to ad as pilot in command of an
aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment;
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Because the Iris+ will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can be achieved using the safety
features of the Iris+ and the fad that the missions are pre-programmed and monitored in real-time with a spe-
cific flight management software, Steve Fincher Photography proposes that operators of the Iris+ should not be
required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
having an operator with many years of remote control aircraft experience, over 100 hours of flight time with the
Iris+, Pil?t has completed the 3DR manufactureres training videos on assembly, maintainence, pre-flight, flight
and l~ndmg proced~res and Mission Planner software training for programming of the Iris+. 35 years of experi-
ence m manned aenal photography, over 20 years of experience as an ultralight pilot having completed a course
in ultralight flight school.
                    ------------------------------·au.

14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. Should the
exemption be granted allowing operation of the Iris+ without an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist
for airworthiness of the Iris+ although the Iris+ has been given airworthiness exemptions already in many cases.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by insuring compliance with the Iris+ user manual prior to each
flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9: Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight manual is in the
aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight manual information is available
to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not
only too small to carry documentation, but the documentation would not be available to the crew, as there is no
flight crew on board.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping a hard copy of the Iris+ user manual in the transport
box that will be within reach of the operator at all times.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

The regulation provides that over sparsely populated areas, the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the Iris+ will be operating at a maximum of 400 feet AG L, We can-
not comply with this requirement.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the Iris+ will only fly over private property with the per-
mission of the landowner. Before every flight, the operator will define a working area radius and a flight area ceil-
ing, preventing the Iris+ to go beyond the flight area. The landowner and the persons who may be on the ground
in the flight area will be briefed of the expected route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property
on the ground. Due to the small size of the Iris+, the mater_:ial with which it is built and its specific safety proce-
dures (among others ground detection), the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures is not comparable
to manned aircraft and should be considered in granting the exemption. Moreover, the aircraft will not be oper-
ated over congested areas or over any open-air assembly of persons.

14 CFR 91.121- Altimeter settings

This section requires that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating below 18,000 feet MSL to:

         · The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical miles of
the aircraft;

         · If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(l)(i) of this section, the current
reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station;

         · In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport or an
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

To provide an equivalent level of safety, the Iris+ autopilot calculates the reference altitude (ground level) with
the on-board GPS during the pre-flight tests. The GPS and barometer data are then used to calculate the altitude
in-flight.
                 -------------------------Q.j/l

14 C.P.R.§ 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions unless there
is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.

Given the area of operation for the Iris+, Steve Fincher Photography believes that an equivalent level of safety is
already achieved with the specific procedure preventing the lris+to accept a take-off order if the battery level is
below a given value. Moreover, 3DR has integrated "low" and "critical" battery level warnings and implemented a
"return to Home" (and "Go Land") actions in these situations.

14 C.P.R.§ 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:

         · No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has an appropriate and current airworthiness
                   certificate.

         · No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph
(a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit en-
trance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The Iris+ weighs only 5 pounds. As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration docu-
ments or to display them on the UAS.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of91.203, we also propose that documents deemed
appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the operator at the ground control station in the
flight box and available for inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, we propose that a copy of
the fu.\1A membership of the operator will be permanently affixed to the Iris+ on the upper side of the body.

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)- Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, and Alterations

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an airworthy
condition, including compliance with Parts 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409 require the aircraft to be
"approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43. 7" after maintenance and inspection. Section
91.409 requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. Section 91.417 requires the
owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated
mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.

3DR proposes that the maintenance of the Iris+ will be accomplished by the owner or the operator according to
the user manual. An equivalent level of safety \\rill be achieved because the Iris+ is small in size, it is not a com-
plex mechanical device and does carry any external payload. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar
with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent
level of safety. Finally, before every flight, the Iris+ automatically runs a sequence of pre-flight tests to make sure
that every sensor and every critical part is operating properly. If a problem is detected, the Iris+ will not be able to
be switched-on and a message error is displayed on the main screen. The owner or the operator can then refer to
the. user manual to troubleshoot this issue. Several parts of the Iris+ are easily interchangeable (propellers, wings),
which allows the operator to make sure the wings and propulsion system are always airworthy when a mission is
initiated.
                      I.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of2012--size, weight, speed, operating
capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight and national
security- provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commer-
cial operation of applicant's sUAS in the commercial photography industry.

                                                                                     Steve Fincher
                                                                                     Steve Fincher Photography Inc.

                        ~~
