September 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12979
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2746

Mr. Kevin Kieran Gallagher
Owner
Stonewater Photo
36 South Kerema Avenue
Milford, CT 06460

Dear Mr. Gallagher:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Stonetower Photo (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography for real estate.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and a DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Stonewater Photo is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Stonewater Photo is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ and DJI Inspire 1 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                       8

This exemption terminates on October 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                _., -

                   Stonetower Photo

                      36 South Kerema Avenue Milford, CT 06460

                     June 26, 2015

                   Docket Operations, M-30
                   U.S. Department of Transportation

\

) 1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
                   Room W12-140, West Ground Floor
                   Washington, DC 20590-0001

                    SUBJECT: Petition for Section 333 Exemption of the FAA Modernization andRe-

 "'\

 ) form Act of 2012

   \

_)

 \ I, Kevin Kieran Gallagher, of 36 South Kerema Avenue Milford, CT 06460, hereby peti-

  }

) tion the FAA for an exemption from various sections of 49 USC of Federal Aviation
) Regulations.

 \  I am the owner of Stonetower Photo of 36 South Kerema Avenue Milford, CT 06460;
)

) and I will be the Pilot in Charge of all aerial photography, following approval of this re-

) quest.

                   Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law
                    112-95, I request certain exemptions in order to conduct aerial photography and video-
)
                   graphy (henceforth meaning still and/or video) of real properties (real estate) operating

'/ a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and a DJIInspire 1 unmanned aerial systems.

    Sincerely

    Kevin Kieran Gallagher
    36 South Kerema Avenue
    Milford, CT 06460
   Overview:

   I, Kevin Kieran Gallagher, of 36 South Kerema Avenue Milford, CT 06460, hereby peti-
   tion the FAA for an exemption from various sections of 49 USC of Federal Aviation
   Regulations.

                   I am the owner of Stonetower Photo of 36 South Kerema Avenue, Milford CT 06460;
                   and I will be the Pilot in Charge of all aerial photography and videography, following ap-

\
  )
                   proval of this request.

   Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Public Law

\  112-95, I request certain exemptions in order to conduct commercial aerial photography

/

) and videography (henceforth meaning still and/or video) of real properties (real estate)

   operating a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and a DJI Inspire 1 unmanned aerial systems.

                    The Phantom 2 Vision+ consists of four DC motors with rotors, powered by a DJI

' ) 5200mAH LiPo battery, and managed by an on board flight control system that is re-

                    motely accessed by the Pilot in Charge using a portable control unit.

 \
)

                    The DJIInspire 1 consists of four DC motors with rotors, powered by a DJI 4500mAh

                    22.2V LiPo battery, and managed by an on board flight control system that is also re-

) motely accessed by the Pilot in Charge using a portable control unit.

;\ The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ remote control unit is a wireless communication device us-

                    ing a 5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz frequency band. The DJIInspire 1 remote control unit uses

\

 I a 5.725-5.825 frequency band. Both frequencies are approved by the FCC for limited-
) range communication purposes.

                    The Phantom 2 Vision+ has a maximum takeoff weight of 21bs. 11.8oz. including battery

                    and propellers. This UAV has a top speed of 35 mph. For my purposes, the top speed

l need not exceed 17 mph. The manufacturer, DJI, regularly updates software and firm-

/

                    ware.

   The DJI Inspire 1 has a maximum takeoff weight of 61bs. 7.5oz. including battery and

   propellers. This UAV has a top speed of 49 mph. Again, for my purposes, the top speed

\  need not exceed 17 mph. The manufacturer, DJI, regularly updates software and firm-
)

\  ware.
/
   As a licensed pilot and professional photographer, I am extremely sensitive and aware
   of the importance of safety and privacy. I believe safety is the first and overriding priority
   in regards to operating a UAV in the National Airspace. Additionally, I would not operate
   a UAV in a manner as to invade the privacy of anyone unaware of our flight intentions.

   I, Kevin Kieran Gallagher, will only use the UAV in daytime and only to enhance real es-
   tate marketing for realtors in Connecticut showing views of properties currently unat-
   tainable by still or aviation photography. I will operate the UAVs in a safe manner, using
   the following pre-flight checklist and operating procedures to determine that the aircraft
   is physically and electronically ready for safe flight and that permission from the prop-
   erty owner/representative/business owner is received.

   Pre-flight Checklist (DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJIInspire 1):

                     If required, notify the appropriate FAA facility of our launch schedule and location.

\,

/  Survey the property for hazards - trees, utility poles and other elements that might

   compromise the flight, then make a judgment as to whether to proceed.

                     Check the weather for wind speed, cloud cover, and any forecast changes that might
) adversely affect flight safety and performance.

)  Examine the aircraft - looking at connections and searching for cracks and/or loose

) parts.

\   Determine that the electronic elements are performing correctly (receiving more than
J

   six GPS signals along with calibration of the magnetic compass.

    Determine that the barometric altimeter reflects approximately 0 feet AGL.

    Following takeoff, I will hover at an altitude of approximately 10 feet AGL to assure the

   Home Point is marked.

    I will exercise all controls to confirm their functionality - if one of the controls is not

I functioning, the flight will be terminated immediately.

/

)  I will fly only with a Visual Observer (VO) at my side who will provide a second set of

                       eyes to assist in observing possible flight hazards and help assure the UAV remains in

   Visual Line of Sight (VLOS) of PIC. Since purchase of the Phantom 2 Vision+!lnspire

   1, all training and skill improvement flights have been with the same VO.

    I will not fly over or near dense automobile traffic or crowds.

                     I will give right-of-way to any manned aircraft.

\

J  I will stay clear of FAA controlled airspace at airports (generally a five nautical mile ra-

\

/ dius) as well as restricted and prohibited zones.
                      I will fly no higher than 400' AGL and no further than 1000' from the Home Point, rec-
                        ognizing that the primary responsibility is to keep the aircraft safely within VLOS.

                       I will stay clear of clouds and fog (500' vertically and 2,000' horizontally).
                       I will perform a post-flight check of the UAV to determine its physical and electronic

                        condition.

                     Operating Procedures:

                       After receiving permission from the property owner/representative/business owner, I
                        will notify all adjacent property owners/business owners of our intentions and antici-
                        pated time on site.

                       I will not fly over neighboring properties unless permission is granted.

\

/  I will keep individuals not involved in the flight at a safe distance (500' feet if practical).

                       I will post a sign stating: "Take Notice: Aerial Photography Under Way- Stay Clear''.

 \,

J

                     Altitude, distance from the PIC, airspeed, and battery state-of-charge are data con-
                     stantly viewable on the On-Screen-Display (OSD), which is equivalent to an aircraft's

) control panel. I maintain that the above checklist and procedures will minimize risks to

                      property and persons on the ground as well as other aircraft in the National Airspace.

                     As this writing, I have practiced extensively in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJI In-
) spire 1, accumulating approximately 30-35 combined hours of flight time. I continue to
) train on both UAVs. I have exercised all functions in both UAVs and fly only when

                     weather conditions permit.

                      I have a private pilot license, #45460277, issued on September 28, 1980. I am fully
                     aware and have extensive knowledge of VFR flight rules. I will mark the aircraft with
                      necessary "N" number the FAA requires.

                     Exemption Requests:

 \

/

\ 14CFR

J

) Part 21 Airworthiness Certification

                     Subpart H "prescribes the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
                     approval, production approval, airworthiness certificates and airworthiness approval."
                      (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 11)
                      Response: "The Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the
                      conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from 14
                     CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36,
                      is not necessary." (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 11)

                      Part 61 (a}(b) Parts, General Operating and Flight Rules

                      (a) Prescribes the requirements for issuing pilot licenses and the privileges and limita-
                      tions associated with various ratings.

                      (b) Aeronautical experience means pilot time, flight simulator or flight training device for
                      meeting the appropriate training and flight time requirements for an airman certificate.

                      Response: Organized or commercially available FAA-approved flight training has yet to
                      be achieved by the UAV industry. While I have regularly used a flight simulator on my
                      computer, those skills are generally not transferable to UAV operation. My sources of
                      training are: the Flight Instruction Manuals from DJI; online videos from the manufac-
                      turer as well as videos from users; and most importantly, personal training in a secure
) location - an open area not subject to traffic and/or uninvolved individuals. Those train-
) ing flights, which have averaged 10-15 minutes each, deal with setup, physical and
                      electronic safety checks; lift off followed by hovering at approximately 10 feet to confirm
\ that the GPS system is functioning properly and has registered its Home Point; a pre-

  )

                      scribed flight plan to familiarize and then master the fight controls and camera; returning
                      to the launch point and landing. I then conduct a post-flight inspection for any problems,
                      log the location and flight time and then view the video. There are no FAA certified in-

 \

_) structors or FAA certified study guides available at this time as the technology continues
                      to develop. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

                      91.1 03 (b}(2)
                      (b)(2) This section deals the pilot's preparations for flight, in particular runway lengths,
                      takeoff and landing distance information.

                      Response: Since quadcopters, like a helicopter, take off and land vertically, a DJI Phan-
                      tom 2 Vision+/DJIInspire 1 pilot would not need to know this information since there are
                      no runways involved and the return from flight is the takeoff point. The FAA has deter-

 \

 J mined that "relief is not necessary." (Summation from Exemption No. 11138, page 20)

)
      91.105

     Summary: This section deals with flight crewmembers at stations.

     Response: Since there are no passengers, pilots or crewmembers, I respectfully re-
     quest relief from this regulation.

      91.109

     Summary: This sections deals with flight instruction, simulated instrument flight and
     certain flight tests.

                     Response: None of these functions are applicable to a quad-copter flight and, as stated

) earlier, there are no FAA certified instructors or FAA certified study guides available at
                     this time for small UAV operation. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

      91.119 (a) (b) (c)

)

) Summary: This section deals with minimum safe altitude stating that if the power fails

) anywhere, an aircraft should have an altitude sufficient so that an emergency landing
l can occur without hazard to persons or property (91.119 a). It also sets minimum alti-
/ tudes over congested areas and uncongested areas as well as has a paragraph on

\

/ helicopters (91.119 b). It also sets minimum distance (500 feet) from any person, vessel,
)

                     vehicle, or structure (91.119 c).
)

\    Response: None of the altitude requirements in this regulation should apply to a UAV
/

     since these aircraft are required to fly below those altitudes. Their weight, speed and

  \  GPS-controlled Return to Home feature mitigates against a catastrophic accident. A

)

\ manned aircraft is much heavier and larger than a OJI Phantom 2 Vision+/DJIInspire 1.

/

                     If a Phantom 2 Vision+/DJI Inspire 1 were to malfunction or experience a hard landing, it

/

                     carries no humans, no explosive fuel and since it flies primarily over a single piece of

     private property, any damage would likely be minimal and confined to that area. As to

     keeping 500' from any person, vessel, vehicle or structure, the purpose of real estate

     quad-copter photography is to fly close to the subject structures with the permission of

                     the owner/representative. I maintain that my 30-35 hours flying the OJI Phantom 2

\

/ Vision+/DJIInspire 1 have provided me with sufficient skills to manage safely any ap-

     proach under 500 feet. In addition, access to the property is strictly controlled (Warning

     sign and the clearing of any person on the property not involved in the flight). I respect-

     fully request an exemption from this rule.
     91.121

    Summary: This section details altimeter settings required to maintain the "cruising alti-
    tude or flight level of that aircraft." It requires that the "elevation of the departure airport"
    be set in the altimeter or the "current reported altimeter setting of a station along the
    route and within 100 miles of the aircraft".

    Response: A UAV cannot comply fully with this section's altitude requirements. The OJI

    Phantom 2 Vision+/DJI Inspire 1 is equipped with a barometric altimeter which auto-

                      matically calculates the takeoff altitude (0 AGL) when the aircraft is warmed up - the

~\

; launch point becomes the "elevation of the departure" point. The altitude of the UAV is

    visible in the control monitor (a smart phone or OSD) by the PIC before launch and is

\   consistently updated as the flight progresses. I respectfully request an exemption from
)

\   this rule.

 j

     91.151

                      Summary: This section deals with fuel requirements for VFR flights stating, among
) other things, that "no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR condition
) unless.. .there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of the intended landing and, ".. .fly af-

                      ter that for at least 40 minutes (day) and 45 minutes (night)".

)

) Response: This regulation deals with 'reserve' fuel. This could include any condition
) that increases flight time or fuel consumption. Weather would be one factor including

                      wind, turbulence and the necessity to divert around threatening thunderstorms. Compli-

                      ance with this regulation is not possible because the 'fuel" on board the OJI Phantom 2

 \

) Vision+/DJIInspire 1 is not aviation gas but a DC battery with a maximum flight duration

                      of 17/18 minutes respectfully. Fuel management of an UAV requires constant monitoring

                      of the battery's state-of-charge and bringing it home before it reaches the manufacturers

                      recommended 30% level. In our training flights, we've found that a flight of 17 minutes

                     for the OJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and 18 minutes for the OJI Inspire 1 to be safe, returning

                     the UAV to its Home Point around the 40% level. I respectfully request an exemption

                     from this rule.

)
    91.405

   Summary: This section deals with aircraft maintenance including regular inspection, the
   keeping of appropriate maintenance records and replacement of inoperable instruments

                     Response: Maintenance on the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+/DJI Inspire 1 is straight forward.
                     If, in landing, a rotor blade or two are damaged, they are immediately replaced. The tra-
' ) ditional instrument cluster in an aircraft is replaced by a data stream from the DJI Phan-
                     tom 2 Vision+/DJIInspire 1, visible in the control monitor (smart phone or OSD). Re-
                     placement of minor parts are performed by the PIC and a major 'overhaul' that can't be
                     easily resolved will go back to the manufacturer for repair. Currently, there are no re-
                     quired inspections by 'authorized' maintenance personnel and there would be no space/
                     room on board to install a placard of inoperability. I respectfully request an exemption
                     from this rule.

    91.407

   Summary/Response: This section addresses requirements after maintenance has

} been performed. Again, approval of the maintenance before flight is essentially in the
) hands of the PIC. Whatever maintenance is performed will be entered in the aircraft log,

\  unless a separate maintenance log is required. Paragraph (b) refers to the prohibition of

j

) a pilot carrying passengers or crewmembers, if the flight characteristics have been sub-

   stantially affected, before a rated pilot performs an operational check of the mainte-

) nance. Again, this is a PIC's responsibility to preflight the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+/DJI

   Inspire 1 and determine its flyability. And, as mentioned earlier, there is no pilot, crew-

   members, or passengers on board the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+/DJIInspire 1. I respect-

   fully request an exemption from this rule.

    91.409

                     Inspections: This section deals with the necessity of annual and 100-hour inspections
                     or "progressive inspections" and approval by authorized persons which will lead to the
                     "issuance of an airworthiness certificate."

\

)

                     Response: As stated earlier, there is no FAA approved inspection protocols nor author-
                     ized inspection personnel. The PIC handles those issues each time the Phantom 2
                     Vision+/DJI Inspire 1 is prepared for flight.
   The pre-flight check list enumerated earlier will be followed to determine its mechanical
   and electronic integrity. I respectfully request an exemption from this rule.

    91.417
   Maintenance Records: This section requires a maintenance record be kept on repair,

   replacement and condition of vital parts (rotors, engines & airframe). Certain records
   must be retained for one year while other record must be kept with the aircraft even
   when sold to another part.

   Response: The details of this section would be impractical with a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
   +/OJ I Inspire 1, but repair issues can be entered into the aircraft log. I respectfully re-
   quest an exemption from this rule.

   The above requests for exemptions follow the guidance published by the FAA.

   Safety:

)
                      The DJI Phantom 2 Vision+/DJI Inspire 1 are UAVs with multiple safety features to as-

                      sure a safe and efficient flight, minimizing personal injury and property damage and in-

)

                      tegrating with minimal risk into the NAS. They include:
)

)  A GPS flight system that allows for stable remote control of the aircraft.

)  The ability to hover in place by simply taking hands off the controls.

\   A Return to Home function if electronic contact between the Remote Control and the

}

   aircraft is lost. If the aircraft begins to show unstable flight, I will land it immediately.

                      The ability to limit height (<400') and distance (<1000') from the PIC through the con-

\ trol software.

)

                       Use of the 'radar' mode which instantly allows the PIC to pinpoint the UAV.

    The No Fly Zone control software will prevent takeoffs within a five-mile radius of a
     major airport as well as provide warning in the event that the aircraft inadvertently ap-
     proaches the zone while in flight. This warning will provide sufficient power to bring the
     UAV home.

    The weight, size, speed and limited flight which focuses on inanimate objects (homes_
     reduces the likelihood of significant personal or property damage. Flight of the UAV
     risks no on board lives, as in helicopter or plane photography. The safety features as-
     sociated with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and DJIInspire 1 as well as my pre-flight
     checklist and procedures will assure that public safety is not adversely affected.

/
   Airports and Prohibited Area:

   My proposed area most likely will include the ATA's of three Connecticut airports:
   BDR, HVN, and GON. As an active pilot, I had a very good relationship
   with staff at BDR as it was my home field. I have no reason to think I would not
   be able to establish a very good relationship with all ATC personnel. I will comply with
   all FAA regulations regarding operations in and around restricted NO-FLY zones.

   Community Benefit:

   First and foremost is the level of safety offered by the use of a small UAV in comparison
   to a manned fixed wing or rotorcraft. Both weighing less than seven pounds with cam-
   era and battery, the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ and OJI Inspire 1 are incapable of causing
   the level of damage or injury caused by a full-size, manned aircraft. Additionally, the
   ecologic and noise impact is negligible as compared to traditional manned aircraft.

) Lastly, as real estate is a large part of our community, the use of a small UAV aerial film-

) ing platform is a cost-effective and visually impactful means to promote our available
                      properties, therefore becoming an economic driver in the community.

)

\  Attachments:
j

    Copy of Pilot License
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ Battery Safety Guidelines
    OJ I Inspire 1 User Manual
    DJIInspire 1 Safety Guidelines
    OJ I Inspire 1 Battery Safety Guidelines
    DJIInspire 1 Maintenance Manual
