September 8, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12779
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2550

Ms. Laura Heller
Founder
Stratis Imaging, Inc.
3213 West Wheeler Street, Suite 27
Seattle, WA 98199

Dear Ms. Heller:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Stratis Imaging, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct mapping,
surveying, inspection, analysis, and general videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Flamewheel F450 and Tarot Iron Man 680
Pro.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C.  44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Stratis Imaging, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR ㎣ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Stratis Imaging, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Flamewheel
    F450 and Tarot Iron Man 680 Pro when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR  61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR  91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR  1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR ㎣ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                      June 11, 2015

Laura Heller
Stratis Imaging, Inc.
3213 W. Wheeler St., Suite 27
Seattle, WA 98199
Cell: (206)853-9407
Email: laura@stratisimaging.com

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012 (P.L. 112-95)

Attachments:
1) Stratis UAV Flight and Maintenance Manual
2) Stratis UAV Pilot Training Manual

To Whom It May Concern:

On behalf of Stratis Imaging, Inc., (herein referred to as "Stratis") co-founders Laura
Heller and Geoffrey Heller, we request an exemption from the below stated sections of
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. This is in accordance with the FAA's Guidelines
for Submitting a Petition for Exemption under section 333 of the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012. This request is submitted based on the precedence set by and is
similar to Exemptions No. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213.

                  14 CFR 61.101(e)(4) and (5) Recreational pilot privileges and limitations.
             For compensation or hire; In furtherance of business.
             It is Stratis intent to operate the UAS for commercial use for compensation or
             hire and for the pursuance of our business.

                  14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
             command.
             As previously stated, it is Stratis intent to operate the UAS for commercial use
             for compensation or hire and for the pursuance of our business using a private
             pilot to command the UAS.

                  14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c) Medical certificates: Requirement and
             duration.
             As Stratis intends to utilize a private pilot or sport pilot license holder who has
             a current US drivers license, an exemption from the need a medical certificate
             is requested. Further, the pilots UAS operations will be conducted on ground
             on a relatively light weight UAS vs. in-air on a manned aircraft.

                                 Page 1 of 8
    14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) Civil aircraft airworthiness.
Stratis Imaging requests an exemption since there is currently no certificate
applicable to our operation other than the Section 333 Exemption which states
that the PIC shall have the responsibility to determine airworthiness. This
requirement is stated in the Flight and Maintenance Manual as well as in the
Pilot Training Manual.

    14 C.F.R. 91.119(c) Minimum safe altitudes: General.
Stratis UAS will operate below 400 ft. This requirement is stated in the Flight
and Maintenance Manual as well as the Pilot Training Manual.

    14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings.
The UAS will be equipped with a barometric pressure altimeter. Altitude
shall be monitored using the UAS telemetry.

    14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) (1) Fuel requirements.
The UAS will be powered by battery and will operate for the intended
operational time with at least five minutes remaining battery or with the
reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

    14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) Maintenance required.
The Pilot will perform a preflight inspection of the UAS before each flight as
outlined in the attached Flight and Maintenance Manual document.
Additionally, if there is any alteration that affects the flight characteristics or
safety, a functional test will be conducted prior to being deemed airworthy.

    14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration.
Procedures in the Flight Manual require the pilot to monitor the UAS during a
preflight inspection for airworthiness. Any alteration shall be minor, not
affect the safety of flight, and shall not affect the basic control and stability of
the UAS. Additionally, if there is any alteration that affects the flight
characteristics or safety, a functional test will be conducted prior to being
deemed airworthy

    14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2) Inspections.
Procedures in the Flight Manual require the pilot to inspect the UAS during a
preflight inspection for airworthiness prior to flight. Additionally, a flight test
is required prior to the operational flight to ensure UAS readiness.

    14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance Records.
Pilot and Operator procedures are required to monitor, inspect, and document
any issues related to the UAS operation effectiveness. This requirement is
stated in the Flight and Maintenance manual.

                                  Page 2 of 8
I. About Stratis Imaging

Stratis Imaging Inc. was founded to innovate around UAS data collection and analysis.
Additionally, Stratis Imaging will provide data collection services for multiple purposes,
including mapping, surveying, inspection, analysis, and general videography. Our
mission is to enhance commercial UAS data collection and analysis capabilities to
provide new insights for industry use. Additionally, digital imaging data gathering
service will be conducted to explore the UAS market as well as provide clients with high
quality images and digital data. Stratis will be performing research and development
around UAS digital imaging as well as operational digital imaging.

One of our primary missions as a company is to ensure full compliance with all
regulations that govern UASs. As such, our operations will be conducted within the
acceptable FAA regulations with the exception of the herein requested exemptions.
Additionally, the referenced flight and maintenance manual as well as the pilot training
manual state these requirements in their respective context. Further, the UAS Pilot and
observers engaged in operations are expected to be responsible for operating within these
regulatory parameters.

Safety of flight is a primary objective at all times for our company operations with a high
standard of safety awareness. Stratis has taken several steps to ensure safety of flight in
UAS operations: First, is to be fully compliant to the relevant UAS regulations as stated
above, as these regulations are in place to enhance public safety. Second, is to train all
pilots and observers as outlined in the referenced pilot training manual to ensure the pilot
and observer are fully qualified on Stratis Imaging UASs. Third, is to conduct flights
according the flight manual as stated in the Flight and Maintenance Manual, including
safe abort procedures if an unsafe condition arises. Fourth, is to ensure the UASs are
operationally safe as per the inspection and maintenance requirements as stated in the
Flight and Maintenance Manual. Finally, Stratis Imaging sets the expectation that all
UAS operators and participants are held to high standard of safety awareness while
operating a UAS.

The Co-founders of Stratis Imaging have extensive technology experience in both
imaging as well as in aviation to help ensure a safe, mature and experienced approach to
digital imaging and technology development on a UAS platform. Co-Founder Laura
Heller has over 12 years experience with aviation Engineering and Management of
commercial airplane flight controls and avionics systems development. She has also
completed ground school training for a private pilot's license and has hobbyist flight
hours on several small UASs. Co-Founder Geoffrey Heller has over 20 years of
Engineering Management and Software Engineering experience as well as experience
with commercial software and hardware development. Additionally, he has extensive
hobbyist hours designing, building, operating and maintaining UASs. As such, our
qualifications, along with a certified pilot for UAS operation, provide the necessary
qualifications for safe, compliant UAS operations.

                                               Page 3 of 8
II. UAS Description

Stratis Imaging requests Section 33 exemption for the following UASs:

     Stratis Model 1: A quadcopter built on a DJI Flamewheel F450 frame and
         running the Pixhawk flight controller

     Stratis Model 2: A hexacopter built on a Tarot Iron Man 680 Pro frame and
         running the Pixhawk flight controller

The weight of these UAS shall be compliant with the regulations stated as less than 55 lbs
in the Section 333 Exemption guidance. Please see the Flight and Maintenance Manual
for a detailed description and flight characteristics. As stated in the Flight and
Maintenance manual as well as in the Pilot training manual, the pilot is responsible for
UAS airworthiness which includes following the site check list, the UAV inspections,
preflight checklist, and flight test.

III. UAS Operations

When conducting Stratis Imaging operations, the following requirements will be met.
These requirements are embedded in the Stratis Flight and Maintenance Manual, where
both the Pilot and Visual observers have full responsibility for compliance.

 Operations will be performed only at the request of and with the authorization and
    permission of clients or their authorized agents in order to facilitate commerce and
    raise awareness of the beneficial uses of small unmanned air systems so long as such
    operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may
    be established by the FAA as required by Section 333 Exemption.

 The UAS will not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour).
    The PIC and/or VO will use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UAS operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer as required by Section 333 Exemption.

 Operations will be conducted below 400 feet AGL, with instrumentation and
    telemetry set to report in feet AGL as required by Section 333 Exemption

 The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license as required by Section 333 Exemption.

 All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UAS must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS

                                               Page 4 of 8
    capability. The VO and PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times, where
    electronic messaging or texting will not be used during flight operations. The PIC will
    be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO. These shall be as required by Section 333 Exemption.

 Operate and land the UAS prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level
    of battery power or with 5 minutes of remaining battery power, whichever is greater,
    as required by Section 333 Exemption.

 Operating documents will be immediately accessible to the PIC and/or VO during
    operations. We will be responsible for ensuring these documents are updated as
    necessary.

 Use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety feature whereby it hovers
    and then slowly lands if communication with the remote control pilot is lost.

 Conduct all operations under the flight safety protocols contained in the operating
    documents and will actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to
    constantly update and enhance safety protocols.

 Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5 miles to advise them of his
    estimated flight time, flight duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent
    information.

 Upon any changes that affect UAS operations or flight characteristics, a functional
    flight test will be conducted prior to any further operations. The functional flight test
    will be conducted by a PIC with a VO and shall be at least 500 feet from other
    people, with no undue hazard to people or property.

 A preflight inspection will be conducted by the PIC and/or VO prior to operations.
    Any condition that may affect the safe operation of the UAS will not be flown in
    operations until the UAS has been restored to a safe flight condition. The PIC is
    responsible to ensure that the UAS is airworthy as part of the preflight inspection.
    Refer to the UAS User's Manual.

 The UAS operators will follow the manufacturer's recommended maintenance;
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the UAS' and will
    comply with all manufacturer safety bulletins as described in the UAS Flight and
    Maintenance manual.

 Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential
    danger.

IV. UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

                                               Page 5 of 8
 The UAS will be operated by a PIC who holds either an airline transport, commercial,
    private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA
    airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the
    District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC will also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
    CFR  61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

 The operators will ensure that the PIC demonstrates the ability to operate the UAS
    safely and within regulations under this requested exemption. This includes including
    evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from
    persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and currency
    must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR  61.51(b).

 Dedicated training sessions will be conducted as necessary to ensure the PIC is
    qualified to operate the UAS. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
    flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are to be considered
    nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UA with appropriate distance from
    nonparticipants.

Additional Requirements:

 The PIC shall successfully complete the pilot training as described in the pilot
    training manual prior to operation of the UAS'. This includes a minimum of 20 hours
    of flight hours on either Stratis Imaging's UAS and/or UAS of similar configuration.

 The VO shall successfully complete the VO training as described in the pilot training
    manual prior to the operation of the UAS.

V. RF Communications

The UAS' will operate under the following Radio Frequencies. All frequencies are used
in compliance as per FCC Part 18 rules for operating in the specified ISM frequency
bands.

Flight Control:
         Control frequency / Working Frequency: 2.4 GHz ISM
         Control Channel Numbers of Transmitter: 16
         Communication Distance: >1.5km
         Receiver Sensitivity: > - 100 dBm
         Power Consumption of Transmitter: < 20 dBm
         Working Current/Voltage: 100mA @ 5V

Telemetry (Bi-Directional):
         Telemetry Transmitter Frequency: 915 Mhz ISM
         Communication Distance: >1.5km
         Receiver Sensitivity: > - 100 dBm
         Power Consumption of Transmitter: <= 20 dBm

                                               Page 6 of 8
         Working Current/Voltage: 100mA @ 5V

Camera / Live Video to Monitor:
         Video Transmitter Frequency: 5.8 Ghz ISM
         Communication Distance: >200m
         Receiver Sensitivity: > - 100 dBm
         Power Consumption of Transmitter: <= 20 dBm
         Working Current/Voltage: 100mA @ 5V

VI. Public Benefit

Utilizing UAS for the purposes of aerial image data gathering and analysis is a growing
industry that takes advantage of the small, lightweight, and less expensive technologies.
Contrasted with manned aircraft, there is substantial more versatility, far less cost, and
significant reduction in risk to the public by utilizing UASs. Additionally, more
extensive research and development can be conducted to enhance image data gathering
and analysis technologies. This is one of Stratis Imaging's primary intentions. Because
of this research and development, valuable new technologies will be developed. This can
add jobs to the economy, improve industry efficiency, and increase awareness of our
environment in ways not previously possible. By granting this exemption, these benefits
can be achieved to the betterment of public overall.

VII. Confidentiality

We request that the FAA refrain from publishing any of the Stratis Imaging's provided
documents to the public. This includes the UAS Flight and Maintenance Manual as well
as the UAS Flight Training Manual. These documents are intended for Stratis employees
and the FAA personnel only who are responsible for the evaluation and determination of
this exemption request.

VIII. Summary

Stratis Imaging requests an exemption from the below list of regulations for UAS
commercial operations, including data collection and analysis services as well as research
and development.

 14 C.F.R 61.101(e)(4) and (5)
 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)
 14 C.F.R. 61.23(a) and (c)
 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
 14 C.F.R. 91.121
 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) (1)
 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)
 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1)
 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2)
 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b)

                                               Page 7 of 8
The public will benefit by virtue of additional employment, safer methods of data
gathering, and potentially new technologies available to industry. It is our commitment
to comply with all of the conditions and limitations stated within the exemption, should it
be granted.
Please contact the undersigned for any further information or questions regarding this
petition. Thank you for your consideration.
Respectfully,
Laura Heller
Founder, Stratis Imaging, Inc.

                                               Page 8 of 8
