April 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11395
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0162

Mr. Anthony M. Straw
Managing Partner
Straw Investment Group, LLC
19526 Clay Oak
San Antonio, TX 78258

Dear Mr. Straw:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Straw Investment Group, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial videography and to augment real estate listing videos in various
metropolitan areas.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Straw Investment Group, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Straw Investment Group, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
         2when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
January 22, 2015

Federal Aviation Administration:

On behalf of Straw Investment Group, LLC (DBA "Randolph
Housing Solutions") I would like to formally submit for an
exemption from part 21, subpart H; and Sections 45.23(b),
91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and
(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and
(b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). This
proposed exemption would allow our operation of unmanned
aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of aerial videography
and to augment real estate listing videos in various
metropolitan areas.

As found in Exemption No. 11138 (Trudeau), the FAA
recently approved similar use of a PHANTOM 2 UAS.

We will operate a UAS, the DJI PHANTOM 2, which is
comprised of an unmanned aircraft (UA or PHANTOM), an
attached GoPro Hero 3+ camera and a transportable ground
station.

The PHANTOM 2 is a quad-copter with a maximum gross
weight of about 3 pounds. It is equipped with four rotors that
are driven by electric motors powered by batteries. The UA
has a maximum airspeed of 30 knots. We will operate the
UA over various metropolitan areas, primarily around
Indianapolis, IN, to enhance academic community/ business
awareness and augment real estate listing videos.

UAS Operating Parameters

We will abide by the following additional operating conditions
under this exemption, which ensures a level of safety at least
equal to existing rules:

· Operate UAS below 300 feet and within a radius distance
of 1000 feet from the controller to aid in direct line of sight
visual observation;

· Obtain permission from the owner/controller of any vessels,
vehicles and structures when operations may be conducted
closer than 500 feet to any such vessels, vehicles or
structures; we will conduct a safety assessment of the risk of
operating closer to those objects and determine that it does
not present an undue hazard;

· Operate the UAS for 5-10 minutes per flight;                   · land U A S

prior to the manufacturer's recommended minimum level of

battery power;

· Operate UAS during daylight hours only within visual line of
sight (VLOS);

· Use the UAS' global positioning system (GPS) flight safety
feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if
communication with the remote control pilot is lost;

· Conduct all operations under the flight safety protocols
(including posting a warning sign reading: "Attention Aerial
Photography in Progress ­ Remain Back 150 feet")
contained in the operating documents and will actively
analyze flight data and other sources of information to
constantly update and enhance safety protocols;

· Contact respective airports if operations will be within 5
miles to advise them of his estimated flight time, flight
duration, elevation of flight and other pertinent information;

· Always obtain all necessary permissions prior to operation;

·Have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of
safety breaches or potential danger;

· Only operate in safe environments that are strictly
controlled, are away from power lines, elevated lights,
airports and densely populated areas (defined by areas
depicted in "yellow" on VFR charts and through obtaining
information regarding congested areas from the local Flight
Standards District Office (FSDO);

· Conduct extensive preflight inspections and protocols,
during which safety carries primary importance (reference
PHANTOM Flying Flow Chart and User Manual).

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

Anthony Straw, our Chief Pilot, holds a FAA Commercial
Pilot license and Airline Transport Pilot Rating, first-class
medical certificate, multi-engine instrument rating, is a
current Air Force Instructor Pilot, and has substantial flight
time in numerous types of aircraft. Given his flight
background and experience, he has the knowledge required
to ensure the high level of safety required by current
regulations. Any other pilots who would conduct flights will
hold a minimum of a FAA Private Pilot License and third-
class medical.

Regarding UAS operational training, we have flown
numerous practice flights in remote areas as hobbyists
simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of the UAS'
performance under different temperature and weather
conditions.

Any PIC operating our UAS will have accumulated and
logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25
hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least
10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. The
PIC will also have accumulated and logged a minimum of 5
hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of
UAS to be used for operations. In addition to the hour
requirements, the PIC will accomplish 3 takeoffs and
landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes)
prior to any flight.

Specific Exemptions Requested

Given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the UA, we feel an exemption from 14 CFR
part 21, Subpart H (Airworthiness Certificates) and §
91.203(a) and (b) (Certifications required), subject to certain
conditions and limitations, is warranted and meets the
requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR
part 11 and Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333).

We request an exemption from § 45.23 Marking of the
aircraft because the UA will not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot
station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further,
the two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such a small
aircraft with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering
requirement. Regardless of this, we can mark the UAS in the
largest possible lettering by placing the word "Experimental"
on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f) so that anyone will
see the markings.

We request an exemption from § 91.7(a) which prohibits the
operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate,
since there is currently no certificate applicable to our
operation, this regulation is inapplicable.

We request an exemption from §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance inspections
since they only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate. However, as a safety precaution we will perform a
preflight inspection of the UAS before each flight as outlined
in the attached operating documents.
We request an exemption from § 91.9(b)(2) which requires
an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however since there
are no pilots or passengers on board the aircraft and given
its size, this regulation is inapplicable. We believe an
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a
safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

We request an exemption from § 91.119 which prescribes
safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but it allows
helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain
conditions. We will not operate our UAS above the altitude of
300 feet above ground level (AGL) and will also only operate
in safe areas away from the public and traffic, thus "providing
a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in
relation to mini- mum safe altitudes." Given the size, weight,
maneuverability, and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or
higher level of safety will be achieved.

We request an exemption from § 91.121 Altimeter settings
as it is inapplicable since the UAS utilizes electronic GPS
with a barometric sensor.

We request an exemption from § 91.151(a) Fuel
requirements for flight in VFR conditions. The UAV is 100%
electric and two low battery alerts are issued - per the
operating documents, the UAV will be landed at the first
alert. Also, our flights will last only 5-10 minutes each, and
the UAS has an automated function which results in
immediate landing when a low battery is detected. The PIC
will not begin a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.
Public Interest

Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real
estate marketing has been around for a long time through
manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters, but for small
business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive. By
granting this exemption we would be able to provide this
service at a much lower cost. Further, our small UAS will
pose no threat to the public given its small size and lack of
combustible fuel when com- pared to larger manned aircraft.
Additionally, the operation of our UAS will minimize eco-
logical damage and promote economic growth by providing
information to companies looking to relocate or build in the
metro areas we service.

Summary

We will comply with all of the following conditions and
limitations should this grant of exemption be provided:

1) Operations will be limited to the following aircraft
described in the operating documents which is a quad-rotor
aircraft weighing less than 3 pounds: PHANTOM 2 Un-
manned Aircraft System.

2) The UA will not be flown at an indicated airspeed
exceeding 30 knots.

3) The UA will be operated at an altitude of no more than
300 feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the
procedures specified in the operating documents. All
altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

4) The UA will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS)
of the Pilot In Command (PIC) at all times.

5) All operations will utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA
will be operated within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the
VO at all times. The VO and PIC will be able to communicate
verbally at all times. The PIC will be designated before the
flight and will not transfer his or her designation for the
duration of the flight. The PIC will ensure that the VO can
perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

6) The operating documents will be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon
request. Any revisions to the operating documents will be
presented to the Administrator upon request.

7) Prior to each flight, the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure
it is in a condition for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a
condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the UAS
will not be operated until the necessary maintenance has
been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station will be included in the
preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations will be
properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight
critical component, will undergo a functional test flight. The
PIC who conducts the functional test flight will make an entry
in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating
documents will account for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the
relevant sections of the operating documents.

10) We will follow the UAS manufacturer's
aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) We will carry out maintenance, inspections, and record
keeping requirements, in accordance with the operating
documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations will be
noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours,
description of work accomplished, and the signature of the
authorized person returning the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated will comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.

13) An authorized person will make an entry in the aircraft
record of the corrective action taken against discrepancies
discovered between inspections.

14) UAS operations will be conducted by a PIC possessing
at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-
class medical certificate. The PIC will also meet the flight
review requirements specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft
in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate
listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC will have ac-
cumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS
pilot with a multi-rotor UAS.

16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial
videography/cinematography and augmenting real estate
listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC will have ac-
cumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR
61.51(b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating the
make and model of the UAS to be used in operations. The
PIC will accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding
90 days (for currency purposes).

17) The PIC will not operate the UAS for the purpose of
aerial videography/cinematography and augmenting real
estate listing videos (or similar operations), unless the PIC
has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with
14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
manner consistent with the operating documents, including
evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
structures.

18) UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as
defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All operations will be conducted
under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19) The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an
airport reference point as denoted on a current FAA-
published aeronautical chart.

20) The UA will not be operated less than 500 feet below or
less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when
visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If a UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it
will return to a predetermined location within the planned
operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with
the operating documents.

22) The PIC will abort a flight in the event of unpredicted
obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the operating
documents.

23) The PIC will not begin a flight unless (considering wind
and forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to
fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and
land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

24) We will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to
conducting any operations, and also request a Notice to
Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but
not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

25) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency
spectrum used for operation and control of the UA will
comply with the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
requirements.

26) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203
will be available to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of
the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents
will be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

27) The UA will remain clear and yield the right of way to all
manned aviation operations and activities at all times.

28) The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any
moving device or vehicle.

29) The UA will not be operated over congested or densely
populated areas.

30) Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from
all nonparticipating per- sons, vessels, vehicles, and
structures unless:

a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the
event of an accident. We will ensure that nonparticipating
persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and
are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
immediately and/or;

b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or
structures where the owner/controller of such vessels,
vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC
has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer
to those objects and deter- mined that it does not present an
undue hazard, and;

c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or
essential persons do not present an undue hazard to those
persons per § 91.119(a).

31) All operations will be conducted over private or
controlled-access property with permission from the land
owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
from land owner/controller or authorized representative will
be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

32) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that
transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of the
operational area as defined by the applicable COA will be
reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within
24 hours. Accidents will be reported to the National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Respectfully,

Anthony M. Straw

Managing Partner, Straw Investment Group, LLC

830-313-8306
