April 24, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11423
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0152

Mr. Matthew C. Baker II
Owner and Chief Pilot
Stunning Heights LLP
2825 East Cottonwood Parkway
Suite 500
Salt Lake City, UT 84121

Dear Mr. Baker:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 25, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Stunning Heights LLP (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct filming and photographing of property, people, and events.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The FAA received one
individual comment in opposition to the petition. In granting this exemption, the FAA has
determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted under the conditions and
limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon Lab, Astraeus Aerial,
                                                                                                                 2

Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the document's conditions and
limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI T600, SH900, DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI
Spreading Wings S900.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Stunning Heights LLP is granted an exemption from
                                                                                                                 3

14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Stunning Heights LLP is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI T600, SH900,
         DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI Spreading Wings S900 when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
December 25, 2014 
 
U.S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE 
Washington, DC 20590 
 
Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the 

         Federal Aviation Regulations 
 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
 
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") 
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Stunning Heights LLP ("Stunning Heights"), an operator of the DJI 
T600 ("T600") Unmanned Aircraft System ("UAS") and developer/operator of the SH900 UAS, 
seeks exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") as described below. 
 
The exemption request will permit Stunning Heights LLP to operate UASs commercially for 
the purpose of filming and photographing property, people, and events.  Stunning Heights will 
provide a service that is beneficial to an industry that is already using, and seeking to use, 
UASs for these purposes with a legal and safe option while providing relevant experience and 
information to the FAA and the UAS community.  This will benefit the public with the controlled 
operation of UASs by Stunning Heights and increased integration into the National Airspace 
System ("NAS"). 
 
All operations by Stunning Heights  will strictly adhere to safety, applicable FARs, Operator's 
Handbook, applicable Airworthiness Directives, and all other guidelines from the FAA. 
Stunning Heights will, at all times, conduct operations in a manner as to maintain the same 
level of safety as  current manned aircraft operations. 
 
Stunning Heights will operate exclusively in controlled conditions, within visual line of sight 
("VLOS"), at low altitudes of 400 feet above ground level ("AGL"), or no higher than 200 feet 
above the highest obstacle ("AHO") with prior Flight Safety District Office ("FSDO") approval. 
Any UAS in operation by Stunning Heights will not exceed 55 lbs. weight. 
 
At all times Stunning Heights will have a Chief Pilot responsible to properly train, maintain 
safe operations, ensure currency requirements are met, and consistently assure  an open line 
of communication with the FAA.  The Chief Pilot will, at a minimum, be a certificated 
commercial pilot and maintain a class 2 medical. 
 
Stunning Heights is poised to be the model of a safe and responsible approach to integrate 
the UASs into the NAS through the experience of a professional aviator and UAS enthusiast. 
As a pilot owned business, Stunning Heights will maintain the highest of standards in all UASs 

                                                              1 
operations.  A thorough understanding of the importance of  safety guidelines in the NAS, and 
a desire to promote the appropriate integration of UASs for the furtherance of aviation as a 
whole is the foundation upon which this business will operate. 
 
The name and address of the applicant are: 
 

         Stunning Heights LLP 
         Attn:  Matthew C. Baker II 
         Ph:  801.472.3604  
         Email:  Baker@StunningHeights.com 
         Address: 2825 E Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 500 

                       Salt Lake City, UT 84121 
 
The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows: 
 

                  14 C.F.R. Part 21 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.109(a) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.119 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.105 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)  
                  14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2) 
                  14 C.F.R. 91.417(a). 
 
Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the 
proposal set forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are 
in the public interest. 
 

                       The Applicable Legal Standard Under Section 333 
 
Stunning Heights submits that grant of this exemption application advances the 
Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of 
UASs into the NAS if it can be accomplished safely.  This law directs the Secretary of 
Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before 
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.  In making this 
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a 

                                                              2 
hazard to users of the NAS, the public, or pose a threat to national security in light of the 
following: 

               The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
               Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas and 
               Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 
 
Reform Act § 333(a)(1).  If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in 
the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation 
of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).1 
 
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.  This 
statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under 
§40101 of the Act, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have current airworthiness 
certificate and those regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial 
service: 
          
         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation 
         prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 
         4470244716 of this title if the Administrator finds the exemption is in the 
         public interest. 
 
The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in 
Section 333 of the Reform Act the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as 
amended the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations and the 
significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with use of 
UASs for aerial videography/photography, the reduction or elimination of unregulated 
operators, and the safe integration of UASs.  Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests 
that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 
 
Airworthiness 
 
Grant of the exemption to Stunning Heights will be subject to the following mandatory 
airworthiness conditions: 
 
     The UAS will never exceed a gross takeoff weight (GTOW) of 55 lbs., or in excess of 
         the Operator Handbook/Manufacturer recommendations, whichever is more restrictive. 
     The Manufacturer checklist and Stunning Heights preflight checklist will be followed 
         prior to each flight. 

1 Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process applicants for 
exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions proposed herein require 
modification in order to allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of the UAS.  Stunning 
Heights respectfully requests the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any issues or 
concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require modification. 

                                                              3 
     The aircraft registration number will be displayed on the aircraft in accordance with 
         current regulations. 

     The POH, registration, copy of exemption, checklist, and copy of maintenance records 
         will be mandatory documents for operation and must be located with or in the base 
         station and accessible to the PIC at all times. 

     Any FAA or manufacturer required placards are placed and clearly visible on the base 
         station or controlling device. 

     All equipment installed on the UAS will be operational for flight. 
     PIC will be the determining authority on the airworthiness of the UAS prior, during, and 

         after each flight, and will cease operations upon deeming the UAS not airworthy until 
         proper maintenance or action has been taken. 
     In adherence to 14 C.F.R. §43.9 each person who maintains, performs preventitive 
         maintenance, rebuilds, or alters the UAS, airframe, motor, propeller, appliance, or 
         component part will make an entry in the maintenance record of that equipment 
         containing the following information: 

               Description of work performed. 
               Date of completion of work performed. 
               Name of the person performing the work. 
               Signature of the person performing the work. 
     In addition to the information above, the following will be included on any maintenance 
         records for record keeping and reporting to the FAA upon request: 
               Aircraft total time. 
               Time in service of part by method of Time Since New (TSN) or Time Since 

                   Overhaul (TSO). 
               Manufacturer, model, serial and/or part number when available. 
     Any maintenance action that may affect flight characteristics or airworthiness will have 
         a  maintenance operational check and test flight performed by a pilot holding at 
         minimum a private pilot certificate and an appropriate entry made in the UAS records. 
 
Mandatory Operating Conditions 
 
Grant of the exemption to Stunning Heights will be subject to the following mandatory 
operating conditions: 
 
               Operations occurring within Class B airspace require coordination and approval 

                   from the FAA Flight Standards District Office having jurisdiction, and upon 
                   request with Air Traffic Control one hour prior to operations commencing (14 
                   CFR §91.215(d)(3)).  Communication commencing operations, during 
                   operations, and termination of operations by use and constant monitoring of 
                   appropriate tower frequency by ground radio. 
               Operations within Class B 30NM Mode C Veil require at minimum 48 hour prior 
                   notification of the FAA Flight Standards District Office having jurisdiction. 
                   Notification and communication with Air Traffic Control upon commencing 

                                                              4 
    operations, during operations, and termination of operations by use and 
    constant monitoring of appropriate tower frequency by ground radio (14 CFR 
    §91.215(3)). 
 Operations within Class C, or D airspace require notification at minimum 24 
    hour prior notification of the FAA Flight Standards District Office having 
    jurisdiction, and upon request with Air Traffic Control one hour prior to 
    operations commencing (14 CFR §91.215(d)(3)).  Communication commencing 
    operations, during operations, and termination of operations by use and 
    constant monitoring of appropriate tower frequency by ground radio. 
 Operations within 2.5 NM radius of airport runway centerline within class E, or 
    G airspace require at a minimum 24 hour prior notification of the FAA Flight 
    Standards District Office having jurisdiction, at a minimum 24 hour prior 
    notification of the Airport Manager or Controlling Agency, notification and 
    communication with any control tower, or on CTAF frequency, upon 
    commencing operations, during operations, and termination of operations by 
    use and constant monitoring of appropriate frequency by ground radio. 
 Operations within class E or G airspace not within 2.5 NM of airport runway 
    centerline requires constant monitoring of applicable CTAF or 123.025 
    (helicopter air to air) and reporting upon commencing operations, during 
    operations, and termination of operations by ground radio. 
 No operations are to be conducted within 2.5 NM inline with runway centerline 
    azimuth and on the approach end of a runway that is actively in use. 
 All operations are required to remain at, or below, 400 feet AGL unless prior 
    approval is received from the FAA Flight Standards District Office having 
    jurisdiction, and no flight exceeding 400 feet AGL may go above 200 feet above 
    the highest obstacle, or outside visible range, or beyond the capability of the 
    UAS (whichever is lower in altitude). 
 Operations are to be conducted over private or controlledaccess property. 
 Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight. 
 Operations to occur under Visual Flight Rules during Visual Meteorological 
    Conditions (VMC). 
 Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS). 
 Operations to be conducted in a controlled environment with only the 
    necessary persons present, any person present, not employed by Stunning 
    Heights, will sign a waiver acknowledging UAS operations, proper safety 
    procedures, and a statement acknowledging risks. 
 Operations will be conducted with a visual observer (VO), in addition to the 
    UAS pilot, who will remain in VLOS with the UAS pilot, the UAS, and the area 
    of operations at all times.  VO will assist in maintaining a controlled 
    environment, spotting hazards to persons or property, monitoring and 
    communicating on appropriate ATC, CTAF, or other appropriate radio 
    frequencies. 

                                               5 
               UAS will not be operated below 25% battery capacity, or a battery power 
                   reserve of less than 10% flight time, whichever is the greater of the two. 

 
Operator Requirements 
 
Stunning Heights understands and upholds the stance that necessary precautions are 
required to protect aircraft already operating in the NAS, and the safety and security of the 
flight crew members, passengers as well as the public and property.  For this reason Stunning 
Heights will require all pilots of the UAS to be a certified private pilot with third class medical 
at a minimum.  Furthermore Stunning Heights will use an appropriately certified pilot for the 
type of operation being conducted as it would fall under 14 C.F.R. if it were a manned aircraft. 
 
The PIC and the Visual Observer will, at all times, be aware that UASs currently cannot 
adhere to the standard "see and avoid" requirements due to the size of the UAS impacting the 
distance at which it can be identified by pilots of manned aircraft.  Stunning Heights maintains 
a zero tolerance policy for any pilot that fails to give complete right of way, and wide berth to 
any aircraft that comes within 1 statute mile horizontally or 2000 feet vertically of operations. 
At all times the PIC and VO will monitor appropriate ATC, CTAF, or air to air frequency, 
announce actions, and adhere to requests of any manned aircraft, airspace controller, FAA 
representative, or law enforcement official so long as it can be performed safely and legally. 
 
In the interest of safety, and the furtherance of aviation, Stunning Heights requires it's 
operators to adhere to its "See and Hear" policy.  This policy requires that any aircraft that can 
be both observed and heard (excluding large turbine, turboprop, and other aircraft that are 
heard and seen but are clearly 2000 feet above the highest permitted altitude of the UAS) by 
the PIC or the VO will require UAS operations to cease until the aircraft acknowledges the 
operations of the UAS verbally through radio communications. 
 
The PIC will adhere to appropriate FARs as well as follow the included Stunning Heights 
Training Manual.  The PIC will, while the exemption is in place, log all flights conducted for 
Stunning Heights, or any flight to meet the training requirements. 
 
The visual observer will be trained according to the Stunning Heights Training Manual.  The 
VO will be required to exhibit proficiency in operating and communicating using the radio. 
The VO will not, at any time during operations conducted under this exemption, operate or 
control any portion of the flight of the UAS unless they meet the PIC requirements of this 
exemption. 
 
Privacy 
 
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's or 
controlling authorities prior consent and knowledge.  Filming will be of people who have also 

                                                              6 
consented to being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take 

place. 

 

 

                * * * 

In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix A 

to allow commercial operations of UASs conducting aerial flights as described. 

 

Approval of the exemption allowing commercial operations of Stunning Heights UASs will 

increase safety by permitting an operator to conduct a service safely that is already occurring 

without FAA knowledge, exemption, or adhering to prescribed safety guidelines. The 

exemption will also encourage the education of UAS operators and the adoption of FAA 

guidelines and approval for commercial UAS operations.  It benefits the public through a 

higher level of safety of UAS operations and a service that benefits the local public and 

business.  It also benefits the public through a smooth and well approached integration of 

UASs into the NAS, and continual communication with the FAA and the information gained. 

Having a pilot owned business aids in bridging the gap between the advancement of UAS 

technology and the current practices and operations in the NAS and with the FAA.  This asists 

the FAA with its mission of promoting aviation while preserving safety of aviators, the public, 

and property. 

 

The UASs operated by Stunning Heights satisfies the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the 

Reform Act­size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, operation within visual line of sight, 

and national security­and showing an equivalent level of safety to manned aircraft flights 

through appropriate pilot certification and safety focused standards of operation, providing 

more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing 

commercial operations. 

 

 

 

 

                         Respectfully,                                                             

                                        Matthew C. Baker II                                        
                                        Owner and Chief Pilot
                                        Stunning Heights, LLP                                      
                                                                                                   
                         7                                                                         
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                   
                                                                                                           APPENDIX A 
                                                                                                                               

   EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER 
                            APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION 
                                                                

Due to the flight characteristics, such as the ability to hover, vertical takeoff and landing, and 
the type of operations performed by the UASs operated by Stunning Heights stunning heights 
respectfully request that where a regulation differentiates according to class that it be 
permitted to operate under those regulations pertaining to helicopters. 
 
Stunning Heights requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any 
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of its UASs: 
 
14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1) 
Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,  
Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the  
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the  
aircraft and the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to  
go through the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or  
exceed current safety levels. 
 
Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and  
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act  
both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,  
upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports  
and populated areas of the UAS involved.  
 
In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the Stunning Heights UASs operated 
without an airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, 
or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. 
The UASs will remain less than 55 lbs. GTOW. Will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry  
flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area predisclosed and in compliance with  
conditions set forth herein. Operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and  
monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the conditions set forth above, and by local public  
safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations through the filings with 
the FSDO. Receipt of the prior permission of the land owner, or controlling authority, the size of 
the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and 
not flown there all establish the equivalent level of safety. The UASs construction with absorbent 

                                                              8 
material provides at least an equivalent level of safety to that of such operations being conducted 
with conventional aircraft that would be ordersofmagnitude larger and would be carrying  
passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.  
 
This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy  
condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the UASs without  
an airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the UASs. Given the size 
of the aircraft and the requirements that have presumably already been met in the approved 
standard operating procedures (for instance, the Maintenance & Inspection Manual and Safety  
Checklist), an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the 
operating manuals prior to each flight. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
 

         The regulation provides:  
          

                  No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft ... 
                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5  
                  of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved  
                  airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and  
                  placards, or any combination thereof. 
 
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual at the ground 
control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has 
issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 
9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.109(2) 
 
This regulation provides that flight crewmembers must keep a safety belt fastened while at a 
crewmember station.  Stunning Heights UASs are by definition not manned and therefore 
maintain a equivalent level of safety without the use of safety belt since no danger is posed due 
to no persons being aboard the aircraft. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.121(a) 
 

                                                              9 
This regulation requires that aircraft be operated at altitude in reference to an altimeter set to 
applicable barometric pressure.  According to the Flight Manuals and information included with 
this exemption request the UASs operated by Stunning Heights uses GPS positioning, and the 
T600 uses, in addition, a specialized sensor that limits the aircraft altitude to a predetermined 
height set by the pilot during preflight inspections.  This, in addition to all flights being 
conducted by VLOS, assures altitude restrictions will be maintained by the pilot.  Given the 
nature of the flight being limited to an upper altitude limit, the limited area of operations, the See 
and Avoid procedures set forth by Stunning Heights, and in light of the UASs not being operated 
at VFR or IFR cruising altitudes an equivalent level of safety will be achieved.   
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction 
 
These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free  
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual  
controls. UASs are a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, do not have fully functional dual  
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with  
the aircraft via radio communications.  If instruction is accomplished through a training program, 
as set forth in an equivalent level of safety will be assured. The FAA has approved exemptions 
for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight  
instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level  
of safety will be achieved by the Stunning Heights providing the training as outlined. 
 
14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 
 
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.  Due to the flight 
characteristics of Stunning Heights UASs (vertical takeoff and landing, and ability to hover) as 
well as the nature of the type of flights conducted by UASs and the similarity to helicopters 
Stunning Heights requests to operate in accordance with section 91.119(d).  The equivalent level 
of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with which the UASs are 
built. Furthermore no flight will be taken without the permission of the land owner or those who 
control the land.  Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all affected individuals will be 
notified of the flights. Compared to aerial photography or videography operations conducted 
with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the UAS and carrying flammable fuel, any risk 
associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional 
aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the lowaltitude operations of the UAS will 
maintain separation between these smallUAS operations and the operations of conventional 
aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119, give right of way to all manned aircraft, and 
adhere to Stunning Heights See and Hear policy. 
 

                                                             10 
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
 
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR  
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly  
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,  
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes."  
 
Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those proposed operations,  
a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.  Stunning Heights 
believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(b) is safe and within the scope of a  
prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate  
without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the small UAS, without 20 minutes of reserve  
fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(b) was meant to prevent given the  
size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo  
also enhances its safety. Additionally, limiting flights to a 20 minute reserve would greatly 
reduce their utility. In the unlikely event that the UAS should run out of fuel, it would simply 
land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the 
current regulation. 
 
Stunning Heights believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 25% 
battery power, or 10% of time (whichever is longer) would be more than adequate to return the 
UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
 
This regulation provides as follows: 
 

                  (a) . . . no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has . . . an appropriate  
                  and current airworthiness certificate. 
                   
                  (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate  
                  required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued  
                  under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to  
                  passengers or crew. 
                   
Stunning Heights UASs have no cockpit or cabin to place or carry certification. As such, the 
exemption and any other certifying document from the FAA will be maintained with the ground 
station, and placed in a manner as to be clearly visible to any government official or person 
authorized in the controlled operations environment. 

                                                             11 
 
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control  
point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued  
numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes  
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700. 
 
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) 407(a)(1) 409(a)(2) 417(a): Maintenance Inspections 
 
Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected  
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as  
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of  
this chapter . . . ."  Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43 Section  
91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. 
  
Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance  
work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots  
and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service. 
 
Maintenance on Stunning Heights aircraft will be accomplished by the owner/operator pursuant 
to the manuals,  provided by Stunning Heights, and the manufacturer. An equivalent level of 
safety will be achieved because the UAS is small in size, will operate only in restricted 
predetermined areas and is not a complex mechanical device. As provided in the attached 
Maintenance Manual and the Safety Checklist, which were reviewed as part of the application, 
the operator of the UAS will ensure that it is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform 
required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is performed.  Moreover, the 
Stunning Heights Chief Pilot is familiar with the aircraft, has extensive experience with UAS 
maintenance, and has thousands of hours of helicopter airframe and powerplant maintenance, 
and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent 
level of safety. 
 
The Stunning Heights Maintenance Manual provides for a 30 day/100 hour and Annual 
inspection of the airframe and components similar in scope to inspections on manned aircraft. 
This will ensure an equivalent level of safety to the maintenance requirements in Part 91. 
 
In addition, between such inspections, should a mechanical issue arise, the aircraft  
will either return to its launch site or immediately land. 
 
  

                                                             12 
 
                                                                                                   APPENDIX B 
                                                                                                                       

     SUMMARY OF STUNNING HEIGHTS SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST 
                                                            

Stunning Heights hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption application to  
allow commercial operation of its UASs in aerial photography/videography.  An exemption is 
requested from the following regulations: 
 
14 C.F.R. Part 21 
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) 
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.119 
14 C.F.R. 91.105 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)  
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1) 
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2) 
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a). 

                                                             13 
