July 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12048
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1514

Mr. William D. Janicki
Mr. William V. O'Connor
Morrison & Foerster LLP
Counsel for SunPower Corp.
12531 High Bluff Drive
San Diego, CA 92130

Dear Messrs. Janicki and O'Connor:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of SunPower Corp. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the SenseFly eBee and DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, SunPower Corp. is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, SunPower Corp. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the SenseFly eBee and
    DJI Phantom 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
IMORRISON FOERSTER              12531 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE       MORRISO:--J & FOERSTER LLP
                                SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA.
                                92130-2040                   BEIJI~G, BERLI;-..;, BRCSSELS, DE;.;\'ER,
                                                             HONG KONG, LO~DON, LOS :\)JGELES,
                                TELEPHONE: 858.720.5100      NEW YORK, NORTHER:-.1 VIRGI:-.JI:\,
                                FACSIMILE: 858.720.5125      P:\LO ALTO, SACR:\:-.IENTO, S_-\N DIEGO,
                                                             S:\:-J FR:\;\!CISCO, SHA::-..JGHAI, SI:-.:G:\PORE,
                                WWW.lv!OFO.COM               TOKYO, W:\SI-IINGTON, D.C.

May 6, 2015                                                  Writer's Direct Contact

U.S. Department of Transportation                            +I (858) 720.5195
Docket Operations, M-30                                      Wjanicki@mofo.com
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Room Wl2-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Petition ofSunPower Corp. for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA
         Modernization and Reform Act of2012 to Operate Unmanned Aircraft Systems

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 (the "Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, SunPower Corp. hereby applies for an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations identified below to allow for the commercial operation of the
SenseFly eBee ("eBee"), and the DJI Phantom 2 ("Phantom 2") unmanned aircraft systems
for aerial data collection.

SunPower requests that the FAA review this petition pursuant to its "summary grant" process
as the FAA has already granted exemptions similar in all material respects to this petition to
use the eBee and the Phantom 2 for aerial data collection. See FAA Grant of Exception Nos.
11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213.

I. REGULATIONS FOR WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

SunPower requests exemption from the following regulations:

· 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H;
· 14 C.F.R Part 27;
· 14 C.F.R § 45.23(b);
· 14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a);
· 14 C.F.R § 61.113;
· 14 C.F.R § 91.7(a);
· 14 C.F.R § 91.9(b)(2);
· 14 C.F.R § 91.9(c);
· 14 C.F.R § 91.103;
· 14 C.F.R § 91.109(a);
· 14 C.F.R § 91.119;
· 14 C.F.R § 91.121;
· 14 C.F.R § 91.15l(a) & (b)

sd-654307
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Two

    · 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b);
    · 14 C.F.R § 91.405(a);
    · 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(l);
    · 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2);
    · 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).

This petition incorporates the material contained in the SunPower UAS Operations and
Maintenance Manual, SenseFly eBee Extended User Manual, SenseFly eBee Maintenance
Procedures, SenseFly eBee Training Documentation, SenseFly eBee Justification of
Airworthiness and Safety Assessment, Phantom 2 Vision Plus User Manual, Phantom 2
Vision Plus Quick Start Guide, Phantom 2 Vision Plus Pilot Training Guide, and Smart
Flight Battery Safety Guidelines (together, the "Manuals").

The Manuals are submitted herewith as confidential under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), because
they contain commercial and proprietary information that SunPower has not and will not
share with others, is not available to the public, and is protected from release under the
Freedom oflnformation Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq.

         II. STATUTORY AUTHORITY FOR REQUESTED EXEMPTIONS

This petition for exemption is submitted in accordance with Section 333 of the Reform Act.
Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned
aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform
Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit operation of an unmanned aircraft system ("UAS")
where it does not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system ("NAS") or the
public or pose a threat to national security based on the following considerations:

    · The size, weight, speed and operational capability;
    · Operation in proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    · Operation within visual line of sight of the operator.

Furthermore, the Federal Aviation Act grants the FAA Administrator general authority to
grant exemptions from the agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the
Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. §§
106(f), 44701-44716, et seq. A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why
the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect
safety or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules. 14 C.F.R.
§ 11.81.

                                                                                                                      2
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Three

         III. DESCRIPTION OF SUNPOWER AND ITS SERVICES

SunPower is a global solar technology energy services company and supplier of solar power
systems for the residential, commercial, and utility solar energy markets. SunPower designs,
manufactures, and delivers the highest efficiency, highest reliability solar panels and systems
available. Headquartered in San Jose, California, SunPower has offices in North and South
America, Europe, Australia, Africa, and Asia.

Kyle Cobb                          C/0 William D. Janicki
Product Manager                    William V. O'Connor
SunPower Corp.                     Morrison & Foerster LLP
27993 Mace Blvd.                   12531 High BluffDrive
Davis, CA 95618                    San Diego, CA 92130
Tel. (424) 235-4054                Tel (858) 720-5100
Kyle.cobb@sunpower.com             WJanicki@mofo.com
                                   WOConnor@mofo.com

         IV. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATIONS

SunPower is requesting exemptions from applicable Federal Aviation Regulations (PARs)
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act to perform aerial imagery and data collection for
solar construction sites, potential solar construction sites, and utility plants under
construction. Examples of solar sites that are representative of the type of sites that
SunPower would conduct UAS operations are shown in Figures 1 and 2 below.

This type of aerial imagery and data collection is currently performed for SunPower by
helicopter or fixed wing aircraft. Use of a UAS will reduce safety risks because the UAS
will not carry flammable fuel or a pilot, and UAS operations can be performed at
considerable savings. The UAS will also allow for better imagery of facilities than can be
produced by using a helicopter or fixed wing aircraft.

The UAS operations in this petition are similar in all material respects to relief previously
granted by the FAA in Grant of Exception Nos. 11062, 111 09, 11112, and 11213. The
reasons stated by the FAA in granting the exemptions listed above also apply to this petition,
and the grant of this petition is in the public interest.

                                                            3
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Four

             Figure 1- California Valley Solar Ranch Near San Luis Obispo, CA

                 Figure 2- McHenry Solar Plant for Modesto Irrigation District
                                                                                                                          4
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Five

                  A. Aircraft to be Operated
                            1. The SenseFly eBee

SunPower will operate the SenseFly eBee for aerial imaging and data collection operations.
The FAA has already approved the eBee for commercial use in FAA Exemption No. 11257
(FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0889) and FAA Exemption No. 11374 (FAA Docket No.
2015-0091). The eBee is a battery powered fixed wing UAS made of flexible foam with a
maximum weight of less than two pounds. Flight time is approximately 50 minutes. The
eBee is shown in Figure 3 below.

                                          Figure 3- SenseFly eBee

The eBee is more fully described in the SenseFly eBee Extended User Manual.
                            2. DJI Phantom 2

SunPower will also operate the DJI Phantom 2 for aerial imaging and data collection
operations. The FAA has already approved the Phantom 2 for commercial use in FAA
Exemption No. 11396 (FAA Docket No. FAA-2015-0163) and FAA Exemption No. 11420
(FAA Docket No. 2015-0178). The Phantom 2 is a battery powered quadcopter with a
maximum weight of less than 3 pounds. Flight time is approximately 24 minutes. The
Phantom 2 is shown in Figure 4 below.

                                                                                                                   5
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Six

                                         Figure 4-DJI Phantom 2

The Phantom 2 is more fully described in the DJI Phantom 2 User Manual.

                  B. SunPower's Proposed Operations Demonstrate an Equivalent
                            Level of Safety
                            1. General Description of Proposed Flight Operations

SunPower proposes to operate within the limitations and performance specifications listed in
the eBee and Phantom 2 Manuals. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent, or
higher, level of safety for operations under the current regulatory structure because the
proposed operations are safer than conventional operations using helicopters or fixed wing
aircraft which carry an operator and flammable fuel. The proposed flight operations are
similar in all material respects to operations already approved by the FAA and are therefore
subject to the FAA's "summary grant" process.
The proposed operations do not create any hazard to users of the national airspace system or
pose a threat to national security. The aircraft are battery operated with a maximum flight
time of less than 50 minutes. The vehicles weigh less than 10 pounds. The vehicles will be
operated at or below 400 feet AGL within the visual line of sight of the pilot in command.
SunPower's operations will be over private or controlled access property with the permission
of the owner/controller or authorized agent.

                                                                                                                        6
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Seven

Manned aircraft are at risk offuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident.
The proposed UAS carry no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or
accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated. Compared to manned aircraft, the UAS being
operated by the petitioner reduces the risk to participating persons in close proximity to the
aircraft due to the limited size, weight, operating conditions, and design safety features.

The FAA has determined that the risk of not having an electronic means to monitor and
communicate with other aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology, is
mitigated by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds, permitting
daytime operations only, and requiring that the aircraft be operated within visual line of sight
and yield right of way to all other manned operations.

The petitioner's aircraft have the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-
flight failures, as specified in the Manuals. The aircraft are also able to respond to a lost-link
event with a pre-coordinated, predictable, automated flight maneuver.

                            2. Specific Limitations on Proposed Flight Operations

Given the small size involved, the restricted environment within which they will operate, the
procedures listed below, and pilot certification requirements, SunPower's proposed
operations using the eBee and the Phantom 2 would "not create a hazard to users of the
national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national security." Reform Act
Section 333(b)(1 ).

         1. The aircraft weigh less than 10 pounds.

         2. Each aircraft will be identified by serial number, registered with the FAA, and
                  have identification (N-Number) markings as large as practicable.

         3. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of the pilot in command
                  (PIC).

         4. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established and
                  confirmed for accuracy by PIC.

         5. The PIC will ensure that before each flight, there is enough available power
                   for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at
                   least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
                  manufacturer if greater.

         6. The aircraft will be operated during daylight and in VFR conditions.

         7. Flights will not exceed 400 feet AGL.

                                                                                                                        7
                                   \
                                      )

IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Eight

         8. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any
                  persons or property not associated with the operation who have not given
                  pnor permission.

         9. Flights will be limited to a groundspeed of 100 mph.

         10. Minimum crew for each flight will consist of a PIC and an Observer.

         11. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private,
                  recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA
                  airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state or
                  the Federal Government. The PIC will also meet the flight review
                  requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56.

         12. Prior to the flight, a Mission Plan will be created setting forth the limitations
                  for the flight as well as contact information for the PIC.

         13. The flight operations will yield the right of way to other manned aircraft
                  operations.

         14. All persons who are not involved with SunPower's operations will be required
                  to be at least 500 feet from flight operations.

         15. The aircraft will only operate over private or controlled access property with
                  the permission of the owner/controller or authorized representative.

         16. The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport unless a letter
                  of agreement is obtained.

         17. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territory, state,
                   county or city jurisdictions prior to flight.

         18. Prior to commencing operations, SunPower will obtain a Certificate of
                   Waiver or Authorization (COA) from the FAA.

         19. If the aircraft loses communications, it will have the capability to return to a
                   pre-determined location within the operational area and land.

         20. If the aircraft loses its GPS signal it will have the capability of being flown
                   manually to a predetermined location within the operational area and land.

         21. The flight will be aborted in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

         22. UAS operations will be conducted within the parameters of the Manuals.

                                                                                                                   8
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Nine

                            3. Flight Recovery, Lost Communications, and Lost GPS
                                     Procedures

The flight recovery, lost communications, and lost GPS procedures are more fully
documented in the attached UAS Manuals.

         V. SPECIFIC FAR EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED

SunPower seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21, 45,
61, and 91 for purposes of conducting the requested operations using the eBee and Phantom
2. Listed below are (1) the specific FAR sections for which exemption is sought, and (2) the
operating procedures and safeguards that SunPower has established which will ensure a level
of safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought. See 14 C.F.R. §
11.81 (e).

                  A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H- Airworthiness Certificates and 14
                           C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(1)

The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made under
the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when compared
to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met with this petition,
and therefore no exemption is needed. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA
2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics
of the eBee or the Phantom 2 that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an
exemption is requested.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: The eBee and Phantom 2 are safe when taking into account their
size, weight, speed, and operational capability. They weigh less than 10 pounds and will be
flown at speeds less than 100 miles per hour, and in visual line of sight of the operator. The
UASs do not carry pilots, passengers, explosive materials, or flammable liquid fuels. The
UASs will be operated within the parameters of their respective Manuals.

The proposed operations will be at least as safe as, or safer than, conventional rotorcraft or
fixed wing aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed here.

                  B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                            Rotorcraft

14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness certification of
normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the eBee or Phantom 2 would otherwise require
certification under Part 27, SunPower seeks an exemption from Part 27's airworthiness

                                                                                                                                9
IMORRISON FOERSTER  )

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Ten

standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part
21, Subpart H.

                 C. 14 C.F.R. §§ 45.23(b), 45.27(a) and 91.9(c): Aircraft Marking and
                            Identification Requirements

14 C.P.R. §45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft states:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
         each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches
         nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,
         "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

14 C.P.R.§ 45.27(a) states:

         Rotorcraft. Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally
         on both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by § 45.23.

14 C.P.R.§ 91.9(c) states:

         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified
         in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number)
markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C if the markings are "as large as
practicable." See Exemption No. 11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 14.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: SunPower will mark all eBee and Phantom 2 aircraft with their
N-Number in a prominent spot on the fuselage with markings that are as large as practicable.

                  D. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

SunPower seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilots from flying
aircraft for compensation or hire and would also require a second class medical certificate.
The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of any PIC matches the
airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring certifications if the pilot is
carrying passengers or cargo for hire.

While the UAS will be operated as part of a commercial operation, they carry neither
passengers nor cargo. In the Grant of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the
FAA determined that the unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled

                                                                                                                    10
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Eleven

airspace did not warrant the additional cost and restrictions attendant with requiring the PIC
to have a commercial pilot certificate and a class II medical certificate. The FAA has also
determined that the required knowledge for a commercial pilot covers the same fundamental
principles as a private pilot.

The FAA has also granted exemptions allowing operations by people who hold an airline
transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate with a current FAA
airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state or the Federal
Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR §
61.56. See FAA Exemption No. 11374.

SunPower will ensure the PIC will meet the requirements listed in the above paragraph.
SunPower will also ensure the PIC will have completed the manufacturers' training
guidelines outlined in the Manuals.

The FAA stated in its grant of an exception to Astraeus Aerial the "the FAA considers the
overriding safety factor for the limited operations proposed by the petitioner to be the
airmanship skills acquired through VAS-specific flight cycles, flight time, and specific make
and model experience, culminating in verification through testing." See Exemption No.
11062, Docket No. FAA 2014-0352, at p. 18. The proposed operations can achieve an
equivalent level of safety by requiring the knowledge and experience in eBee and Phantom 2
operations described above.

The restrictions SunPower has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the restrictions
similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-20 14-0352 and those listed
in the FAA's "summary grant" process.

                   E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

SunPower seeks an exemption from 14 C.P.R.§ 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft
be in airworthy condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required
to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable. Accordingly,
SunPower requests that the requirements for Section 91.7 be treated in accordance with FAR
Part 21 Subpart H. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 19.

                  F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the
                             Aircraft; 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft
                             Certification and Registration

Pursuant to 14 C.P.R.§ 91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft-

                                                                                                                  11
           \

IMORRISON           J'
           FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Twelve

                  (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by §
                            21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current
                            approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
                            material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
                  has within it the following:

                  (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate ...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                  required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization
                  issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
                  legible to passengers or crew.

SunPower does not request an exemption from this section but instead notifies the FAA that,
in accordance with FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, the UAS
flight manual, registration certificate and other documentation will be kept at the control
station with the PIC during flight. The Chief Counsel's Office has held that for all UAS
operations, this alternate method constitutes full compliance with the regulations. See also
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, pp. 19-20, and Grant of Exemption No. 8607.

                  G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

SunPower seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to become
familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in the
FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. The aircraft will not have a Flight
Manual on board. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of
flight. Under these circumstances, the FAA has stated that no exemption is required. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20. An exemption is requested to the extent that an FAA-
approved Flight Manual is required.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the
Manuals. The PIC will take all required preflight actions - including performing all required
checklists and reviewing weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and takeoff
distance, aircraft performance data, and contingency landing areas - before initiation of
flight. The Manuals will be kept at the ground station with the operator at all times.

                        12
                                      ;

IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Thirteen

                  H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

SunPower seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that "[n]o person
may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs and remotely
piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead, flight control is
accomplished through the use of the Ground Control Station (GCS) that communicates with
the aircraft via radio communications.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: When flight instruction is performed, no pilots will be on board
the aircraft and the GCS will be a safe distance from the aircraft and the public, causing no
safety hazard. Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training can
still be achieved without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the aircraft,
and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the aircraft experiences any
difficulties during flight instruction. In addition, SunPower will conduct flight training at a
remote facility away from population centers. These training flights will comply with the
provisions in the Manuals. Accordingly, SunPower's proposed method of operation provides
superior levels of safety.

                  I. 14C.F.R. §91.119(c): Minimum SafeAltitudes in Uncongested
                            Areas

SunPower requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.119(c). Section 91.119(c) prescribes that an aircraft may not be operated closer than 500
feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. The Manuals provide for SunPower
operations at least 500 feet from persons and structures not involved in the operations. The
FAA has already determined that relief from Section 91.119(c) is warranted for UAS
operations in uncongested areas with similar flight restrictions as those imposed by
SunPower. See Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft or fixed wing
aircraft weighing far more than the maximum weights proposed herein, and given the lack of
flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those that presently
exist with conventional aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size,
weight, and speed of the UAS, as well as the locations where it is operated. In order to avoid
any risk to aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below. Other
aircraft are already prohibited from operating closer than 500 from structures where
SunPower proses to operate. This is airspace where other aircraft do not normally operate. As
set forth in the Manuals and herein, the UAS will be operated in the remote sites, away from
persons or structures not involved in the operation. All persons who are not involved with
SunPower's operations will be required to be at least 500 feet from flight operations. This
will pose no risk to the public because other aircraft are not operating in these areas.

                                                                                                                         13
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Fourteen

                  J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person operating
an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that is set
to the elevation of the departure airport. The UASs proposed here use both barometric
pressure sensors and GPS to determine altitude but do not have the ability to set in a current
altimeter setting. An exemption is required to the extent that the UAS does not have a
barometric altimeter setting. The altitude of the UAS is monitored by the PIC on the ground
control station and by the visual observer.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be
achieved if the aircraft will be operated at or below 400 feet AGL and within visual line-of-
sight in addition to GPS based altitude information relayed in real time to the operator. See
Grant of Exemption No. 11062, p. 20-21. As the attached Manuals indicate, the UAS will be
operated at or below 400 feet AGL and otherwise comply with the limitations in the Grant of
Exemption No. 11062.

                 K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                            Conditions

SunPower requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.15l(a)'s fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
                   (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
                   to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed -

                   (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

                   (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

Here, the technological limitations on the UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while maintaining a 30 minute reserve. The aircraft are
battery powered with a maximum flight time of approximately 50 minutes for the eBee and
24 minutes for the Phantom 2. The PIC will ensure that before each flight, there is enough
available power for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to operate after that for at
least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety is provided
if the UAS flight is conducted under daytime VFR flight conditions using VLOS, and
terminated with at least 25% reserve battery power still available. See Grant of Exemption
No. 11062, p. 21-22. The FAA's "summary grant" process provides that the PIC is

                                                                                                                     14
IMORRISON FOERSTER  )

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Fifteen

prohibited from beginning a flight unless there is enough available power to conduct the
intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
recommended by the manufacturer if greater. See FAA Exemption No. 11374 (FAA Docket
No. 2015-0091 at p. 5). The Manuals here provide that the PIC will ensure that before each
flight, there is enough available power for the UAS to conduct the intended operation and to
operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power recommended by the
manufacturer if greater.

                  L. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and
                             (b): Maintenance Inspections

SunPower seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements contained in 14
C.P.R.§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These regulations specify
maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.P.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.P.R.§
91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections ...
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS proposed here will not have.

Equivalent Level ofSafety: An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with the Manuals. This
includes maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and preflight inspection requirements. See
Exemption No. 11062 (FAA Docket No. 2014-0352, atp. 14-15) and Exemption No. 11374
(FAA Docket No. 2015-0091, at p. 4).

SunPower will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance requirements. As provided in
the Manuals, flights will not be conducted unless a flight operations checklist is performed
that includes all of the aircraft's components.

         VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

Granting SunPower's petition for exemption furthers the public interest. National policy set
by Congress favors early integration ofUAS into the NAS in controlled, safe working
environments such as proposed in this petition. By granting this petition, the FAA will fulfill
Congress's intent of allowing UAS to operate safely in the NAS before completion of the
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act.

Moreover, use ofUAS will improve efficiency and reduce costs for SunPower's solar
customers by reducing the time and expense necessary to collect aerial imagery. The use of
the UAS propped here will also decrease safety-related incidents involving traditional

                       15
                                         )

IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Sixteen

aircraft. The public has an interest in reducing the hazards and emissions associated with
alternate use of helicopters and small airplanes to conduct similar imaging operations.

SunPower's proposed use ofUAS will have real-world benefits for the renewable energy
industry and the public. UAS operations will speed up and reduce the costs of site
identification for solar development. It will improve solar site construction, by allowing for
real-time monitoring of construction. And it will also reduce costs and improve efficiency
for solar energy generation.

VII. PRIVACY

All flights will occur over private property either owned by SunPower or with the owner's
consent. All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws
regarding privacy.

VIII. SUMMARY FOR FEDERAL REGISTER

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

SunPower Corp. seeks an exemption from the following rules for the commercial operation
of a small unmanned aerial system to inspect wind turbine blades and towers for the
renewable energy industry: 14 C.F.R Part 21, Subpart H; 14 C.F.R Part 27; 14 C.F.R §
45.23(b); 14 C.P.R.§ 45.27(a); 14 C.F.R § 61.113; 14 C.F.R § 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R §
91.9(b)(2); 14 C.F.R § 91.9(c); 14 C.F.R § 91.103; 14 C.F.R § 91.109(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.119;
14 C.F.R § 91.121; 14 C.F.R § 91.151(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R § 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R §
91.405(a); 14 C.F.R § 91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R § 91.409(a)(2); 14 C.F.R § 91.417 (a) & (b).

The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the operator, the general public and
property owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent work
using traditional conventional aircraft and rotorcraft.

SunPower requests that the FAA grant this petition using the "summary grant" process such
that publication in the Federal Register is not required. This petition would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

IX. ATTACHMENTS

Attachment 1:  SunPower Operations and Maintenance Manual
Attachment 2:  SenseFly eBee Extended User Manual
Attachment 3:  SenseFly eBee Maintenance Procedures
Attachment 4:  SenseFly eBee Training Documentation
Attachment 5:  SenseFly eBee Justification of Airworthiness and Safety Assessment

                                                                                                16
IMORRISON FOERSTER

U.S. Department of Transportation
Page Seventeen

Attachment 6:  Phantom 2 Vision Plus User Manual
Attachment 7:  Phantom 2 Vision Plus Quick Start Guide
Attachment 8:  Phantom 2 Vision Plus Pilot Training Guide
Attachment 9:  Smart Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Attachments are confidential documents submitted under 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b) and are
exempt from disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and
any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act).
If you have any questions or require any additional information, please do not hesitate to
contact the undersigned attorneys for SunPower Corp.

X. CONCLUSION

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act- size, weight, speed,
operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within visual line
of sight, and national security considerations- provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions to permit SunPower to operate the UASs proposed
here. Furthermore, this petition warrants review by the FAA under the "summary grant"
process for immediate approval.

Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many ways,
including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human exposure
to danger; (2) improving the quality of services SunPower can provide to its customers; and
(3) decreasing operating costs compared with traditional aerial imaging

                                   Respectfully submitted,
                                   Morrison & Foerster LLP
                                   Counsel for SunPower Corp.

                                   By
                                            William D. Janicki
                                            William V. O'Connor
                                            Morrison & Foerster LLP
                                             12531 High Bluff Drive, Suite 100
                                            San Diego, CA 92130-2040
                                            Telephone: (858) 720-5100
                                            Facsimile: (858) 720-5125
                                            woconnor@mofo.com
                                            wjanicki@mofo.com

                                                                                            17
                                     \

               UAS Operations and
               Maintenance Manual

sd-660959
UAS Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual  SunPower Corp.

Table of Contents

     I. UAS Flight Operations
     II. UAS Maintenance Procedures

SunPower Corp.                                                      2

sd-660959
UAS Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual  SunPower Corp.

   I. UAS FLIGHT OPERATIONS

          A. Company Organization and Authority

Sun Power will designate a Flight Operations Manager for UAS Operations. The Flight
Operations Manager will ensure the UAS Operations and Maintenance Manual and all other
UAS Manuals are up to date and made available to all personnel involved with its UAS
operations.

The Flight Operations Manager will ensure that all pilots are appropriately trained according to
the UAS manufacturer's guidelines and will be responsible for coordinating pilot training, pilot
proficiency, and mission preparation.

The Flight Operations Manager will appoint a pilot in command (PIC) for each flight and will
ensure the PIC is qualified, trained, and has access to the necessary information to conduct a
safe flight. The Flight Operations Manager will ensure that all aircraft are airworthy before being
scheduled for a flight.

The Flight Operations Manager will be the main liaison with regulatory authorities. The Flight
Operations Manager will make an internal report of all accidents or incidents and, if required, will
submit a report to the Federal Aviation Administration.

     B. UAS Operating Procedures and Limitations

1. SunPower with conduct UAS flight operations using a SenseFiy eBee or a DJI Phantom
     2 weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.

2. UAS operations will not be conducted for closed-set motion picture or television filming.

3. The UAS will not be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum airspeed
     recommended by the manufacturer and will not exceed 87 knots (100 miles per hour).

4. The UAS will operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above the ground level.

5. The UAS will be operated within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
     This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided b any device other than
     corrective lenses.

6. The UAS will be operated utilizing a visual observer (VO). The UAS will be operated
     within the VLOS of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the
     VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
     the PIC will be able to communicate verbally at all times and will not use electronic
     messaging or texting during flight operations. The PIC will be designated before the
     flight and will not transfer his designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC will
     ensure the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

7. All documents needed to conduct flight operations including the FAA grant of exemption
     will be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon

SunPower Corp.                                                                                  3

sd-660959
                    )                               SunPower Corp.

UAS Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual

     request. The conditions and limitations contained in the FAA grant of exemption take
     precedence over any other operating documents. If there is no conflict with the FAA
    grant of exemption, then the procedures outlined in the operating documents will be
    followed.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alteration that affect the UAS operation or
    flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight prior to conducting further operations. Functional test flights may
    only be conducted by a PIC with aVO and must remain at 500 feet from other people.
    The functional test flight will be conducted in such a manner so as to not pose an undue
     hazard to persons and property.

9. Sun Power will be responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
     in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC will conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS is
     in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection will account for all potential
    discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection
     reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited
    from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS found
    to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. SunPower will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
     inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

12. Each UAS will comply with will all manufacturer safety bulletins.

13. The PIC will hold either an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, or sport
     pilot certificate. The PIC will also hold a current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid
     U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a
     possession, or the Federal government. The PIC will also meet the flight review
    requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his
     or her pilot certificate.

14. SunPower will not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
     safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under
    the FAA exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
     appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification
    flight hours and currency will be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b).
     Flights for the purposes of training PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-
     building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
     consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the FAA exemption are permitted.
     However, training operations will only be conducted during dedicated training sessions.
     During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UAS with
    appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

SunPower Corp.                                                      4

sd-660959
                                      )                \
UAS Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual  SunPower Corp.

15. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
     operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
     under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
     denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
     with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published
     aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is
     obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of
     agreement with the airport management will be made available to the Administrator or
     any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UAS will not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
     horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will return to a pre-
     determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
     weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UAS to conduct the intended
     operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve power
     recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
     operations will be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA.

22. All aircraft will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part
     47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45,
     Subpart C. Markings will be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by Sun Power to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the PIC
     at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
     documents will be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
     upon request.

24. The UAS will remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities
     at all times.

25. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons,
     vessels, vehicles, and structures unless: a. Barriers or structures are present that
     sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the UAS and/or debris in the event of
     an accident. Sun Power will ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
     protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and
     are within 500 feet of the UAS, flight operations will cease immediately in a manner

SunPower Corp.                                                      5

sd-660959
UAS Operations, Inspection, and Maintenance Manual  SunPower Corp.

     ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons; and b. The owner/controller of any
     vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission for operating closer to those
     objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
     those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard. The PIC, VO,
     operator trainees or essential persons are not considered nonparticipating persons
     under this exemption.

27. All operations will be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
     permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
     from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
     flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable GOA will be reported to
     the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents will be reported to
     the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

  II. UAS MAINTENANCE PROCEDURES

Sun Power will be responsible for maintaining and inspecting each UAS to ensure that it is in a
condition for safe operation. Sun Power will follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
components. Each UAS will comply with will all manufacturer safety bulletins.

SunPower Corp.                                                                                   6

sd-660959
       sense Fly

Extended

              '-._.'v-

      se~-~Ety

                  a PmTot company
GENERAL INFORMATION

READ THIS USER MANUAL CAREFULLY BEFORE USING A SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCT.
senseFly Ltd products are intended for professional use only.

Applicable Regulations

senseFiy Ltd products are subject to Civil Aviation regulations. Regulations may vary depending on the country
where you intend to operate your product.
ANY USE OF SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCTS IN BREACH OF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU OPERATE THE PRODUCT
IS UNDER YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
INFORM YOURSELF BEFORE USING THE PRODUCT. SOME COUNTRIES MAY HAVE LAWS THAT LIMIT THE USE OF UN-
MANNED AIRCRAFT TO 'LINE-OF-SIGHT' OPERATIONS AND/OR PROHIBIT THE USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT AT ALL
OR IN SPECIFIC AREAS.

Privacy

Recording and circulating an image of an individual may constitute an infringement of their image and privacy for
which you can be liable. Ask for authorization before taking pictures of an individual, particularly if you want to keep
your recordings and/or circulate images on the Web or any other medium. Do not circulate degrading images or
ones that could undermine the reputation or dignity of an individual. Check that your use of the cameras on board
senseFiy Ltd products comply with the legal provision on privacy in the country where you operate your product.

Limited Warranty

SenseFiy Ltd warrants that the product will be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of twelve
(12) months from the date of delivery. SenseFiy Ltd further warrants that the product will perform substantially in
accordance with its specification. During the warranty period senseFiy Ltd's sole liability shall be at senseFiy Ltd's
sole option, either to repair or to replace the defective product with another product or a product with similar spec-
ifications, at no charge, or to reimburse the purchase price of the product, or if repair or replacement is not possible,
issue a credit note; provided however, that the defect has been confirmed by senseFiy Ltd and that the defective
product is returned to senseFiy Ltd in accordance with the support and repair form together with all required flight
logfiles.
Warranty does not apply, without limitation, in case: a) the products are not stored and used according to their
specifications, b) the products are damaged due to carelessness, negligence, or wrong use by the user, and c) for
defects due to normal wear and tear including, but not limited to, deterioration to the airframe after first flight,
normal degradation, misuse, moisture or liquids, proximity or exposure to heat, accidents, excessive strain, abuse,
neglect, misapplication, repairs or modifications made by third party other than senseFiy Ltd, damage due to manual
operation, damage due to take-off or landing location with obstacles, damage due to low altitude flight, damage due
to loss of data radio connection, damage due to strong wind, rain or humidity, or other causes for which senseFiy Ltd
has no control.
THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITH-
OUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF
ANY OTHER OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF SENSEFLY LTD.

Limitation of liability

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SENSE FLY LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF REV-
ENUE, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF DATA, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF
SENSEFLY LTD HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER THIS LIABILITY ARISES
FROM A CLAIM BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF GROSS NEGLI-
GENCE AND DEATH.
YOU SHALL AT ALL TIMES OPERATE THE PRODUCT IN AREAS OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES SO AS TO GUARANTY SE-
CURITY AND SAFETY OF PEOPLE, PROPERTY AND ANIMALS.

FCC and iC Compliance statement:

F<£: This device complies with part 15 ofthe FCC Rules and Industry Canada License-exempt RSS standard(s).

Operation is subject to the following two conditions:

       1. This device may not cause harmful interference, and

       2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired opera-
           tion. Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void
           the user's authority to operate the equipment.

This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a class B digital device, pursuant to part
15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide a reasonable protection against harmful interference in a
residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed
and uses in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However,
there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful
interference to radio or television reception, wich can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user
is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:

       1. Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna

       2. Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver

       3. Connect the equipment into a an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected

       4. Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
This Class Bdigital apparatus complies with Canadian ICES-003.
This equipment complies with FCC's radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment under the
following conditions:

       1. This equipment should be installed and operated such that a minimum separation distance of 20cm is
            maintained between the radiator (antenna) and user's!nearby person's body at all times.

       2. This transmitter must not be co-located or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.

Disposal of this product at the end of its life

             At the end of this product's life, please do not dispose of this product in your general household waste.
             Instead, in order to prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste
             disposal, please dispose of this product separately in accordance with your local laws and regulation. For
 - more information on the separate collection systems for waste electrical and electronic equipment that
are available for consumers, near your home, free of charge, please contact your local municipal authority.
You can also contact senseFiy Ltd or the reseller from which you purchased your drone who may provide recycling
services or be part of a recycling scheme.

Copyrights

senseFiy Ltd reserves the right to make changes to specifications and product descriptions contained in this docu-
ment at any time without notice. Please consult www.sensefly.com for the latest release.
Copyright© 2015 senseFiy Ltd. All rights reserved. REPRODUCTION, USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ALL OR IN PART OF THIS
MANUAL TO THIRD PARTIES WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF SENSE FLY LTD IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
Address

senseFiy Ltd

Route de Geneve 38
1033 Cheseaux-Lausanne
Switzerland

Website: http://www.sensefly.com

Technical support

If you have questions about any of your sense Fly products:
      · Try our Knowledge Base. You can find it within my.senseFiy (http://my.sensefly.com).
      · Send an email to support@sensefly.com.
                   Welcome to your eBee

Congratulations on your purchase of the eBee, a complex and powerful yet intu-
itive autonomous mapping system. We take great care to develop and design the
best possible hardware and software tools for quick, high-quality and easy-to-use
2D and 3D aerial mapping.

 0 Note: This manual refers to the version 2.4 of eMotion and version 3.2
            of Postflight Terra 30 software. Check the software version included
            in your package and consult the Release Notes for potential changes
            included in more recent versions of the software.
Package contents

             eBee                            User manual
          battery                            battery
                                             charger
            packs
                                             eBee
            spare                            battery
       propeller                             charger
                                             cable
remote control,                              camera
     cables and                              charger
       propeller
    attachment                               camera
           bands

          ground
         modem

           EPP

             glue

                   wing       eBee     wing
                         central body
                       \

                                   I

                          )

The standard eBee package contains the following items:
     · 1x carrying case with foam protection
     · 1x eBee central body with built-in autopilot
     · 1x pair of detachable wings
     · 1x spare propeller
     · 1Ox spare propeller attachment rubber bands
     · 2x Lithium-Polymer battery packs
     · 1x Lithium-Polymer battery charger (including cables)
     · 1x 2.4 GHz USB ground modem (FCC 10: 2AC2VGMEBEE) for radio data link
        (including USB cable)
     · 1x 2.4 GHz remote control (including including 3 AA batteries)
     · 1x still camera (including memory card, battery and charger)
     · 1x USB cable for interfacing with camera and on-board autopilot
     · 1x EPP glue
     · 1x eBee User Manual
     · 1x camera User Manual

Depending on your order, your package may also include other items, such as
additional payloads. Please verify upon delivery that your package is complete.
In case of a missing item, please contact your eBee reseller immediately.

 0 Note: Camera user manuals are also available to download from our
            Knowledge Base, part of my.senseFiy*.
   * http://my.sensefly.com
Hardware features

                                        , '\~        battery compartment
                                                    pitot probe, status LED

                  Top face of the eBee                          servo connection
                                            - - - - " ' + - - - mechanism
                                        ..;o-___,,....----"""+<"-- propeller

                                                        --"'"'+<----wing

camera lens hole

Bottom face of                          Detachable
the central body =~~==--                wing

The eBee is an autonomous flying drone comprised of the following components:

    · Central body: This is the core of the eBee and includes all the electronics,

        actuators and communications hardware on-board the drone.

    · Wing: The two wings of the eBee are detachable for storage and replace-
        ment. Each wing has two wing struts and two clips to hold it in place within
        the central body.
· Winglets: These structures add aerodynamic stability to the drone while it
   is in flight.

· Ailerons: Used to control the eBee while in flight.

· Servo connection mechanism: The ailerons are connected to the servo-
   motors within the central body ofthe drone through this connection mech-
   anism.

· Propeller: Used to generate thrust while it is in flight.

       Caution: When attached to the motor the propeller spins at high
       speeds and can be potentially dangerous if it comes into contact with
       exposed skin. Be sure to always keep your hands clear ofthe propeller
       when the battery is attached to the eBee.

· Battery compartment: The eBee is powered by a LiPo (Lithium Polymer)
   battery stored within the battery compartment.

       Caution: Proper care of your battery is essential. Please read section
       'Proper battery care' on page 140 before using your drone for the first
       time.

· Camera compartment: The eBeefeatures a built-in camera for taking aerial
   images stored within the camera compartment.

· Data Link Antenna: Used by the drone to communicate with the eMotion
   software through the USB ground modem.

· Pitot probe: This is the sensor used by the eBee to detect airspeed, wind
   and altitude. It must be kept clean and clear of obstructions to function
   properly.

· Status LED: This coloured LED displays the current state of the eBee. It is
   housed underneath the pitot probe and thus illuminates the entire trans-
   parent probe in various colours depending on the drone's state.
· Ground sensor: The ground sensor, composed of a high-speed optical
  sensor and lens assembly, is used to detect the proximity of the ground.
Software features

The eBee package allows you to download and use eMotion* and
Postflight Terra 30 *t at no extra cost.

         eMotion 2
                                        senseF!y

eMotion is the integrated software package that allows you to interact with your
eBee. Its easy-to-use interface allows you to plan a mapping flight intuitively from
the comfort of your office or directly in the field. Once the drone is launched, you
can use eMotion's wireless connection with your eBeeto track its position, monitor
the progress of your mapping flight and send commands if desired.

Once your eBee returns after an aerial mapping flight it is the turn of Postflight
Terra 30 to process the captured images fully automatically. Postflight Terra 30 is
a full-featured mapping solution: with just a few mouse clicks it can create high-
quality geo-referenced 20 and 3D orthomosaics and digital elevation/surface mod-
els (DEM/DSM). While you are still in the field Postflight Terra 30 analyses the qual-
ity ofthe captured images and generates an easy to understand report, letting you
know immediately ifthe data you captured meets your mapping requirements.

   * Software access terms and conditions apply
   t PostflightTerra 3D works with eBee images only
Contents

Quick start guide                                                       19

1 Planning and simulating a flight                                      20
     1.1 Installing eMotion, Postflight Terra 30, and the ground modem
             drivers . . . . . . . .                                    20
     1.2 The eMotion interface . .                                      21
     1.3 Creating a new flight plan                                     23
     1.4 The mission phase of a flight .                                24
     1.5 Simulating your flight . . .                                   26
     1.6 Getting ready for a mission                                    27

2 Executing a flight                                                    29
     2.1 Weather check
     2.2 Preparing the eBee for flight                                  29
     2.3 The setup phase of a flight .
     2.4 Take-off . . . . . . . . . . .                                 30
     2.5 In-flight monitoring and control .                             39
     2.6 Landing . . . . . . . . .                                      43
     2.7 Potential in-flight errors                                     46
                                                                        48
                                                                        48

3 Processing image data                                                 50
     3.1 Importing images and flight data
     3.2 In-field image quality check . . .                             50
     3.3 Creating advanced mapping products                             53
                                                                        55
II Advanced functionalities                            57

4 Understanding aerial mapping with the eBee            58
     4.1 Waypoints and their properties . . . . . .
     4.2 Advanced polygonal mission area . . .. .       58
     4.3 30 mission planning using elevation data .
                                                        62
    4.4 Flight visualization in Goog/e EarthTM . . .
                                                        63
     4.5 Autonomous controller and modes of flight .
     4.6 Linear landing . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     66
     4.7 Flying multiple drones at the same time        68
     4.8 Individual photo targets and oblique imagery
     4.9 Emergency Manoeuvres                           72
                                                        77
5 eMotion in-depth guide                                83
     5.1 Toolbar ..                                     85
     5.2 Simulator .
     5.3 Control Bar                                    89
     5.4 Flight Monitoring tab                          90
     5.5 Setup Phase tab . . .                          93
     5.6 Mission Planning tab .
     5.7 Mission Waypoints tab                          95
     5.8 Camera tab . . . . . .
     5.9 Flight Parameters tab                          98
                                                       102
6 Manual control of the eBee                           106

    6.1 Enabling manual control . . . . . . . .        115
    6.2 Pre-flight testing of the remote control       117

                                                       122

                                                       126

                                                       126
                                                       128
6.3 Full Manual mode . . .  129
                            130
6.4 Assisted Manual mode .
Ill Maintenance, Repair and Troubleshooting         133

7 Maintenance and repair of the eBee                 134

    7.1 Updating the eBee software . . .             134
    7.2 Cleaning and storage . . . . . . .           136
    7.3 Full airframe and sensor inspection          137
    7.4 Repairing the eBee airframe                  140
    7.5 Proper battery care .                        140

8 Troubleshooting                                    143

    8.1 Pre-flight errors .                          144
    8.2 Take-off vetoes .                            147
    8.3 In-flight warnings                           149
                                                     161
    8.4 Critical failures ..                         164
                                                     164
    8.5 Resetting default camera settings            165
    8.6 Improving radio signal communication         166
    8.7 Losing and locating your eBee in the field
    8.8 Reporting a problem with your eBee . . .    167

IV Specifications                                    168

1 Software requirements                              169

2 Drone specifications
Phantom 2 Vision + User Manual

~ 2015.01

Please read this manual carefully before using the product.

       .   ---           -,

Important Safety NQtice

Use your Phantom carefully. It contains sensitive electronic components and may be damaged when dropped, crashed
or exposed to water. Never fly a damaged Phantom.

Maintenance
Do not open or attempt to repair Phantom by yourself as doing so may cause damage to the Phantom or cause injury.
the Phantom is not operating normally or has come into contact with liquid, contact a DJI authorized dealer or DJI customer
service. Learn more at www.dji.com/support

Battery
Never disassemble, pinch, crush, burn, drop or tread on the DJI smart flight battery. Never short or allow the metal contacts
on the battery terminal to touch. Do not expose batteries to extreme temperatures. Always use the DJI approved charger to
charge the battery. Keep the DJI battery away from children and store tt in a cool, dry place.

Please read the Disclaimer before using your Phantom 2 Vision+.

Using This Manual

l<f!Y

0 Warning  & Important                ;\): Hints and Tips        EEJ References or Definitions

Except when specifically stated, all descriptions in this manual are for Phantom mode, not Naza-M mode.

al!tore·Fli'9nt'

The following tutorials and manuals have been produced to ensure you to make full use of your Phantom 2 Vision+.
(1) Disclaimer
(2) Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide
(3) Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual
(4) Phantom PilotTraining Guide
Watching all the tutorial videos and reading the Disclaimer before flight is recommended. Afterwards, prepare your first
flight using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide. Improve your flying skills in subsequent flights using the Phantom
Pilot Training Guide. Refer to this manual for more comprehensive information. Experienced users, particularly those with
DJI Phantom 2 Vision experience should skip to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide to begin preparing for flight.

W~tch til~ 'ftJtotiaFVIde()s' .

Please watch the tutorial videos below to learn how to use Phantom 2 Vision+
correctly and safely.
http://www.dji.com/phantom2visionplus/training/
Phantom 2 Vision+ official tutorial videos

 DownloCidt)~I·VISIO,N·'A~p

Download and install the DJI VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.

Search "DJI VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
Search "DJI VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

iOS6.1 or above Android 4.0 or above

2 © 2015 DJI All Rtghts Reserved
Contents

Important Safety Notice             2     5.2 Power on the Remote Controller 17

Using This Manual                         5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status

Key 2                                     Information                                   17

Important                           2     5.4 Battery Level Indicator                   17

Before Flight                       2     5.5 Antenna Orientation                       17

Watch the Tutorial Videos           2     5.6 Remote Controller Operation               18

Download DJI VISION App             2     5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and

Overview                                  Receiver                                      19

         1 In the Box               5     Linking Procedures                            19

2 Introduction                      6     Link Indicator                                19

Assembly and Use                          5.8 Compliance Version Configuration 19

         1 Removing Gimbal Clamp    7     6 Preparing the Range Extender 20

2 Preparing the Battery             7     6.1 Introduction                              20

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery        7     SYSTEM Indicator                              20

2.2 Usages                          8     POWER Indicator                               20

2.3 Charging the Flight Battery     9     Binding Reset Button                          20

2.4 Battery Installation            10    6.2 Using Range Extender                      20

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes     10    Charging the Range Extender 20

3 Preparing the Phantom 2 Vision+ 11      Powering on the Range Extender 21

3.1 Introduction                    11    Checking the Battery Level                    21

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System  11    6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID 21

FC Assistant Port                   11    6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions 12  Range Extender                                21

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal       12    7 Downloading and Installing the

Anti-drop Kit                       13    DJI VISION App                                22

Micro-SO Slot                       13    7.1 Download and Install                      22

Gimbal Error Warnings               13    7.2 Register and Login                        23

3.5 Camera                          14    [1] Register                                  23

Lens cap removal                    14    [2] Login                                     23

Camera Function Buttons             14    [3] Usage tips                                23

Camera Data Port                    14    8 Connecting the Camera                       24

Camera LED Indicator                15    8.1 Connecting Procedures                     24

4 Attaching the Propellers          15    Wi-Fi Computer Connection Status

4.1 Introduction                    15    Description                                   24

4.2 Assembly                        15    Flight

4.3 Removing the Propellers         16                 Flight Environment Requirements  25

4.4 Notes                           16    Preflight Checklist                           25

5 Preparing the Remote Controller 16      1 Calibrating the Compass                     25

5.1 The Remote Controller           17    1.1 Calibration Procedures                    25

                                                     © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved    3
1.2 When to Recalibrate                26      [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters 35

2 Starting/Stopping the Motors         26      [15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 35
   2.1 Starting Motors                 26
                                               3 Camera Settings              35
2.2 Stopping Motors                    26         [ 1] Capture Mode           35

3 FlightTest                           26      [2] Photo Size                 36
   3.1Take off/Landing Procedures      26
                                               [3] Video Resolution           36

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips         27      [4] Photo Format               36

4 Failsafe Function                    27      [5] Selectable ISO             36
   4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?    27
                                               [6] White Balance              36

4.2 Failsafe Procedure                 27      [7] Exposure Metering          36

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App 28              [8] Exposure Compensation      37

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe          [9] Sharpness                  37

Procedures                             28      [10] Anti-flicker              37

5 Low Battery Level Warning Function 28        [ 11] Restore Defau Its        37
   Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI
                                               [12] Format Micro-SO Card      37

VISION App                             29      4 AI burn Page                 37

6 Flight Limits                        30      4.1 SO Card Album              37
   6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits      30
                                               4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album  38

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas 30  5 News Page                    39

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits        32      6 Settings Page                39

6.4 Disclaimer                         32      7 Ground Station               42
                                                  7.1 Ground Station GUI      42
DJ I VIS ION App Usage
                                       32      7.2 Using Ground Station       43
         1 DJI VISION App Main Menu

2 Carnera Page                         33      PC I MAC Assistant
   [1] Return                          33
                                               1 Installing Driver and Phantom 2 Vision+

[2] Camera Pitch Control               33      Assistant                      45

Normal Mode                            33      1.1 Installing and Running on Windows 45

Accelerometer Sensor Mode              33      1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X 45

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function 34      2 Using Assistant              46

[4] Flight Parameters                  34      2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant 46

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength              34      2.2 Firmware Upgrade of \he Phantom 2Vision+ 46

[6] Flight Battery Level               34      2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant 47

[7] Aircraft GPS Status                34      Appendix
                                                       1 Rear LED Flight Indicator Status 48
[8] Micro-SO Card Status               34

[9] Range Extender Battery Level       34      2 Specifications               48

[10] Remaining Shots                   34      3 Troubleshooting (FAO)        49

[ 11] Shutter Button                   35

[ 12] Video Recording Button           35

[13] Camera Settings                   35

4 © 2015 DJl A!l Rights Reserved
Overview                                                                                                                         3"''

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is the next evolution of the Phantom 2 Vision. It features the same App enabled First Person View          "O'J
(FPV), high performance camera, remote camera control and in-flight content sharing, but adds to it a high performance
3- axial camera stabilization system. It is ideal for aerial creativity whether photo or video. In addition, it provides ground  0
station function which allows users to plan the flight mission and enables aircraft to flight automatically.                     X

ffi FPV: First Person View, see the world from the perspective of the craft and feel a true flying experience.

 1 In the !3o){

Check that all of the following items have been included in your package before use. If anything is missing, please
contact your local dealer.

NO. Name             Picture  Qty.                   Remarks

        Aircraft       (~\            Integrated gimbal and camera

2 Propeller Pairs        Lu   4 4 with black nut, 4 with grey
3 Micro-so Card      ~                Inserted in aircraft Micro-SO slot
4 Lens Cap           ~                Fixed to camera lens
5 Gimbal Clamp                        Attached to the gimbal
6 Prop Wrench            [~           In maintenance packet

7 Remote Controller    G              Includes attached Phone Holder and
                                      Range Extender
                        ~
   OJI Smart Flight
   Battery             ~

                     ~

8                                   Inside aircraft

9 Charger                           110-240V Adaptive

10 Power Cables               2 GB&CE
11 Plug Adaptors
12 Micro-USB Cable            2 SAA&BS
                                      For range extender charging and
                                      firmware upgrade

                                    5© 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved.
Overview                                                            Including: Disclaimer, Phantom Pilot
                                                            4 Training Guide, Phantom 2 Vision+ Quick
    13 Manuals
                                                                    Start Guide, User Manual
    14 Stickers
    15 Vibration Absorber          r~                       2 Colors: Pink, Blue
    16 Anti-drop Kit                     ®                  4 In maintenance packet
    17 Spare Screws
    18 Landing Pad                  i                       2 In maintenance packet

                                   E5J                      11   In maintenance packet M3X5(6pcs);
                                                                 M3X8(5pcs)

                                                            4 In maintenance packet

The Phantom 2 Vision+ package includes: Phantom, Camera, Gimbal, Propulsion System, Flight Control System,
Remote Controller and Wi-Fi Communication System. 5.8 GHz Remote Controller Receiver, Flight Control System and 2.4
GHz Wi-Fi Module are inside the Phantom.

Remote Controller Outside                         Working Modes                   Inside

5.8GHz                3-axial Stabilized Gimbal   Phantom-Ready to Fly and Ready  Flight Control System
2 sticks, 7 channels  Camera                      to Fly(non-GPS)                 2.4GHz Wi-Fi Module
                      Motors and Props            NAZA-M-GPS, ATTI, Manual and    5.8GHz Receiver
                                                  Failsafe                        Electronic Speed
                                                                                  Controls(ESCs)

Mobile Device,
with DJI VISION App

                                   ange Extender

                                                  Figure 1

6 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved
                                                          Assembly and Use

o\)o Choose between Phantom and Naza-M working modes using Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant. If using Naza-M                             :rJ
                                                                                                                                    CD
          mode, please refer to the NAZA-M V2 Quick Start Manual for related instructions.
                                                                                                                                    3
=r=l=1 · Phantom: Flight settings will be selected automatically depending on whether 6 or more satellites have been                :<0;·
          found. This mode allows users to configure the Remote Controller and gain values, and use Failsafe and battery            co
          level warnings.
        · Naza-M: Flight settings will be identical to the Naza-M V2. Users can choose between GPS, Attitude, or Manual             Gl
          mode. They can also access advanced settings including Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC). Rear LED Flight
          Indicators will display the flight status according to the Naza-M indicator.                                              3
        · Ready to Fly: When 6 or more GPS satellites have been found, the Flight Control System will lock its home point
          and Rear LED Flight Indicators will blink a slow green (-:@:······).This mode is ideal for beginners.                     0'
        · Ready to Fly (non-GPS): When less than 6 GPS sateilhes have been found, the Flight Control System will
          stabilize itself less than in full Ready to Fly mode and will require more skilled flying. Rear LED Flight Indicators     "C
       will blink a slow yellow (·:i:Jj:- ······).
                                                                                                                                    0
Assembly and Use
                                                                                                                                    iii"
Follow the below instructions to prepare for flight.                                                                                3

                                                                                                                                    "0

Pull girnbal clamp in the direction indicated to remove.

                                         0 To avoid damage to the girnbal, remove Gimbal Clamp

                                                                                       before powering up the Phantom.

                                               \j;0 Attach the Gimbal Clamp during transportation or long

                                                                                       terrn storage to avoid damage.

                          Figure 2

2 Preparin~ til~ .61Utery

Ensure all related devices are fully charged before flying the Phantom 2 Vision+.

                     Device                                              Power supply
              Remote Controller                           2000mAh rechargeable LiPo battery
                                        Charge fully through Micro-USB slot. See Charging the Range
               Range Extender
                                                              Extender (Page 20) for details.
Aircraft (including gimbal and camera)                            DJI Smart Flight Battery.
                Mobile Device
                                                  Fully charge before using the DJI VISION App.

2.1 DJI Smart Flight Battery

This battery has been specially designed for the Phantom 2 series. It has a battery capacity of 5200mAh, voltage of
11.1 V and charge-discharge management functionality. It can only be charged with a DJ I charger or Phantom 2 Car
Charger.

Smart Flight Battery                                      OJI Charger
      Figure 3                                             Figure 4

                                                                         © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved                          7
                    ',

                  /

Assembly and Use

DJI Smart Flight Battery Functions

(1) Balance Charging                Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell during charging.
(2) Capacity Display                Displays current battery levels.
(3) Communication                   Communicates with Flight Controller about battery voltage, capacity, current and
                                    other relevant information.
(4) Overcharge Protection
                                    Charging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 12.8V to prevent
(5) Over Discharge Protection       overcharge damage.
                                    Discharging stops automatically when battery voltage reaches 8.4V to prevent
(6) Short Circuit Protection        over discharge damage.
(7) Sleep Protection
(8) Charging Temperature Detection  Automatically cuts power supply when a short circuit is detected.
                                    Sleep mode is entered after 10 minutes of inactivity to save power.

                                    oocThe battery will charge only when the temperature is between (32°F) and

                                    40°C (104°F).

Battery Specifications                              LiPo
                                                    11.1V, 5200mAh
Type                                                0°C-40°C
Capacity                                            - 20°C-50°C
Charging Environment Temperature                    <80%
Discharging Environment Temperature
Charging/Discharging Environment Relative Humidity

6 Please read the user manual, disclaimer, and battery warnings before use. Users take full responsibility for all

       operations and usage.

2.2 Usages

Powering on/off

Powering on: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to power on. Power Light will
                  go red and Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level.

Powering off: Press Circular Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. Battery Level
                   Indicators will all go out.

                                                                                ,------LED1

                                                                              i"l,_,-----LED2

                                        ~~~~~~~-LED3

                                                                                  llr----t--LED4

                                                                                                     Circular Power Button
                                                                                                     (Built-in Power Ught)
                                                                       -..____ __,.,=----Battery Level Indicators

                                                                      Figure 5

Checking the battery level

When the battery is powered off, press the Circular Power Button once. Battery Level Indicators will light up to show
battery level. See below for details.

== Battery Level Indicators will show the current battery level during charging and discharging. The indicators are
       defined below.

0 LED is on                       iQ: LED blinks
0 LED is off

8 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                 Assembly and Use

Discharging process                                                                                                                                                                   ~

LED1          LED2   LED3  LED4      Current battery level
                                         87.5%-100%
0000                                      75%-87.5%
0 0 0 ~a                                  62.5%-75%
                                          50%-62.5%
n0 0 0 0                                  37.5%-50%
00                         0              25%-37.5%
                                          12.5%-25%
0000                                       0%-12.5%
                                               <0%
0 'a 0 0

0000

'a 0 0 0
0 000

Battery life

When the battery is powered off, press and hold the Circular Power Button for 5 seconds to check battery life. Battery
Level Indicators will show light up and the Battery Power Indicators will blink for 10 seconds. All lights will then turn off.
For details, please see below.

                                     -- -                                                                                                                                                - --  -

Battery life

LED1          LED2   LED3  LED4      Current battery life
                                         90%-100%
0 0 00                                    80%-90%
                                          70%-80%
0 0 0 'a                                  60%-70%
                                          50%-60%
0 0 00                                    40%-50%
0 0 ~o' 0                                 30%-40%
0000                                      20%-30%
0 ~o~ 0 0
                                       Less than 20%
0 0 00
~a 0 0 0

0 000

6 When batter life reaches 0, it is no longer operational.

E§ More battery information is available in the battery tab of the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant.

2.3 Charging the Flight Battery

(1) Connect charger to wall socket (100-240V, 50/60Hz, using the Plug Adaptors if necessary).
(2) Connect battery to charger. If the current capacity of the battery is over 75%, you should turn it on before beginning

    to charge.
(3) Battery Level Indicators will display current capacity level as the battery charges.
(4) Battery is fully charged when Battery Level indicator lights are off. Disconnect the charger and battery when charging

    is complete.

                           Figure 6

                                           © 2015 OJI All R1ghts Reserved                                                                                                                         9
Assembly and Use

         -- - -   ~ --              -               -  -~                     -~

Charging process                           LED4

LED1  LED2                          LED3    0          Current battery level
                                            0                 0%-25%
a0                                   0      0                25%-50%
\a iffi                              0      (G               50%-75%
n iffi                               (ffi   0
\a ~m                                                       75%-100%
                                     \G                    Fully charged
00                                   0

=.\j: The Smart Flight Battery can be charged using an optional Phantom 2 Car Charger. This can charge the battery

        in-car or through 3S-6S Li-Po batteries. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer service for details.

~ · Battery should only be charged with the charger provided by DJI. DJI does not take any responsibility for

        damage caused by third party chargers.
      ·If current battery level is over 75%, the battery should be turned on before charging.

2.4 Battery Installation

Push battery into battery compartment according to the below diagram. When you hear a click, the battery has been
properly installed.

                                                                                      ~ An incorrectly installed battery may cause
                                                                                              · Bad contact.
                                                                                              · Unavailable battery information,
                                                                                              · Unsafe flight,
                                                                                              · Inability to take off.

                                   Figure 7

2.5 Correct Battery Usage Notes

(1) When the battery is turned on, do not connect it to or disconnect it from the Phantom.
(2) Charge and discharge the battery completely once every 20 charge/discharge cycles. Discharge the battery until

     there is less than 8% power or until it can no longer be turned on, then recharge it to maximum capacity. This power
     cycling procedure will optimize the battery.
(3) For long term storage, place the battery with only a 40-50% charge in a strong battery box. Discharge and charge
     the battery once every 3 months to keep it in good condition. Charge amount should be varied in these maintenance
     charges- (40%-50%)-0%-100%-(40%-50%).
(4) Purchase a new battery after your current battery has been discharged over 300 times. Completely discharge a
     battery prior to disposal. Please dispose of batteries properly.
(5) Purchase a new battery if your current battery swells up or is damaged in any way.
(6) Never recharge or fly with a battery that is swollen or damaged in any way.
(7) Never charge batteries unattended. Always charge batteries on a non-flammable surface such as concrete and
     never near any flammable materials.
(8) Safety is extremely important. For more information, please see the Disclaimer.

:\j: Discharging methods:

        Slow: Place battery in Phantom and turn on. Leave on until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery
         can no longer be turned on. See DJI VISION App for battery levels. Motors do not need to be turned on,
         reducing wear.
        Fast: Fly the Phantom outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left or until the battery can no longer be
         turned on.

10 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                        /

                                                                                                        Assembly and Use

3 PfE!P~til)g tl1eP~~r;ltqri:!'~Vl$J9r:l!+i

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is a quadrotor with a built-in Flight Control System with integrated gimbal and camera. It features
an FC Assistant Port, Camera Data Port and a specialized battery compartment for its flight battery. All these features
make the Phantom 2 Vision+ easy to assemble and configure.

3.1 Introduction                                                                    [1] Propeller (P15)                           -u
                                                                                    [2] Motor                                     <P
                                                                               [9]  [3] Front Sticker
                                                                         [10]       [4] Front LED (P12)                           '0
                                         l W + - + - - - - - - [ 11]                [5] FC Assistant Port (Micro-USB slot) (P46)
                                       Figure 8                                     [6] Vibration Absorber                        :~;·
                                                                                    [7] Camera LED Indicator (P15)
                                       Figure 9                                     [8] Camera Function Button (P14)              <0

                                       Figure 10                                                                                  ::r

                                                                                                                                  CD

                                                                                                                                  -u

                                                                                                                                  ::y

                                                                                                                                  "':::>

                                                                                                                                  0
                                                                                                                                  3

                                                                                                                                   1\)

                                                                                                                                  <u;·

                                                                                                                                  iS'

                                                                                                                                  :::>

                                                                                                                                  +

                                                                                    [9] Anti-drop Kit (P13)

                                                                                    [10] 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal (P12)

                                                                                    [11] Camera Lens (P14)

                                                                                    [12] Rear LED Flight Indicator (P12)

                                                                                    [13] OJI Smart Flight Battery (P7)

                                                                                    [14] Receiver Antenna (P17)

                                                                                    [15] Landing Gear

                                                                                    [16] Camera Data Port (Micro-USB slot) {P14)

                                                                                    [17] Compass (P25)

                                                                                    [18] Micro-SO Slot (P13)

3.2 Built-in Flight Control System

The Phantom 2 Vision+ is equipped with a OJI Naza-M V2 Flight Control System. This provides incredible ease of use
and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in many directions, including pitch (forwards and backwards),
roll {left and right), elevator (up and down) and yaw (turn left or right). The flight control system also can provide IOC,
Failsafe and battery level warnings.

Modules                                                                         Functions
Flight Controller
IMU                    Acts as the brains of the complete flight control system, responsible for connecting and
GPS & Compass          controlling all the modules together.
LED Flight Indicators
                       Has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter that measures both attitude and
                       altitude.

                       The compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS (Global Position System)
                       to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft.

                       Indicates the status of flight control system.

FC Assistant Port

The flight control system communicates with the PC Assistant through a Micro-USB cable between the Phantom FC
Assistant Port and the PC. Users can use Assistant to configure the aircraft and upgrade the Phantom firmware. Please
refer to Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant (Page 46) for details.

                                                                                    © 20!5 OJ I. All Rights Reserved      11
               )

Assembly and Use

3.3 LED Flight Indicator Descriptions

LED flight indicators are found at the front and the rear of the Phantom. Front LEOs are for indicating where the nose of
the aircraft is. They light up solid red after motors have started spinning. Rear LED Flight Indicators light up to show the
aircraft's current flight status once the flight battery is powered on. For details, please see the below table.

                                       Front LEOs         Rear LED
                                                          Flight Indicators

               Figure 11                                                      Figure 12
                                                                             Notes
 Rear LED Fiight Indicators                     Normal
                                                Power On Self-Test           Aircraft cannot take off.
:@:-@'1:-:i:Q:-..... Red Green Yellow                                        More than 6 GPS satellites are found.
                                                                             Less than 6 GPS satellites are found.
 · ·· · ·· · ·· flashing in t~rn

:@c'i/j;: ...... Yellow,Green flashing in turn Warming Up

:if$;:······ Slow Green flashing                Ready to Fly

'/$:·······Slow Yellow flashing                 Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

Rear LED Flight Indicators                      Abnormal                     Notes

:($: ...... Quick Yellow flashing               Remote Controller Signal Lost Refer to Failsafe Function (Page27) for
:if!;:···· ··Slow Red flashing                                                               details.

:®: ...... Quick Red flashing                   Low Battery Level Warning    DJI VISION App will also show warning
                                                                             message.
:if!;:· · · · · ·Three Red flashing off and on
                                                Critical Low Battery Level DJI VISION App will show warning

                                                Warning                      message.

                                                Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is Keep aircraft stationary or perform IMU

                                                too big                      calibration.

·@·-Solid red                                   Error                        Cannot fly.

......:Jt!F~ Red, Yellow flashing in turn       Compass Needs Calibration    Refer to Calibrating the Compass
                                                                             (Page25) to get details.

,& If a solid red-'@: LED indicator appears, connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant for details and resolution.

        This may be caused by:
        · IMU calibration required: Recalibrate IMU using Assistant.
        · IMU is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Compass is abnormal: Repair required.
        · Remote Controller mid-point is set abnormally: Refer to How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error? (Page 49)

3.4 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal

The 3-axial stabilized gimbal of the Phantom 2 Vision+
will power on and self-check each time the flight battery
is installed and powered on. Its pitch can be controlled
using the DJI VISION App. This gimbal has two working
modes, Non-FPV mode and FPV mode, with the Non-FPV
mode set as default. This can be configured in Phantom 2
Vision+ Assistant or the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                       Figure 13

12 © 2015 DJ! All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                 Assembly and Use

Gimbal specifications                              ±0.03°
Control accuracy                                   Pitch :-900-00
Controllable range                                 Pitch : 90°/S
Maximum angular velocity

~     · Non-FPV Mode: the gimbal will stabilize across 3-axial for smooth aerial creativity.
l:;p

      · FPV Mode (First Person View Mode): Gimbal will lock to the movements of the Phantom for a FPV experience.

Anti-drop Kit                                                         [1]
                                                                      [2]
The Anti-drop Kit helps keep the gimbal and camera
connected to the aircraft. Two have been mounted on
delivery. If new ones are required, take the gimbal and
press part [1] through the center hole of the Vibration
Absorber the center hole of part [2]. Lock them together
as shown in [3]. Mounting the Anti-drop Kit diagonally is
recommended.

                                                                            Figure 14

Lt. Once part [1] and part [2] are connected, the Anti-drop Kit cannot be disconnected and reused.

Micro-SO Slot

With flight battery powered off, make sure the Micro-SO
card is inserted correctly into the Micro-SO Slot before
taking any photos or recording any video.

The Phantom 2 Vision+ comes with a 4GB Micro-SD card                        Figure 15
and can support cards up to 32GB. The DJI VISION App
may not be able to read some Micro-SD cards. Using
the DJI VISION App to reformat new Micro-SO cards is
recommended.
Refer to Format Micro-SO Card (Page 37) for details.

0 Do not insert or remove Micro-SD card when flight battery is powered on.

Gimbal Error Warnings

Before the aircraft takes off, if a gimbal motor error is detected or the gimbal clamp is not removed, there will be a
warning prompt on the camera page of the DJI VISION App. This will disappear after the problem is resolved .

                     .... ... .,..,...R·aOJ1oF!y
                                                                                                                  ·so"
                                                                   8
                                                   ~               ~           ~~~.~                             ~
                                                   ~
                                                                            GmM!MclorErrcr,PIIoueChe<:k          ~.

      Distance:O.Ofl. Altitude:O,Oft Speed:O,Omph                  ~                               Speed:O.Omph        @

                                                                   ~Distance:O.Oft.Aititude:O.Oft                -

                                                                                                                    0

                          Figure 16                                         F1gure 17

                                                                                                   © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved  13
Assembly and Use

& ·Remove gimbal clamp before powering on flight battery.

       · Gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: {1) Gimbal is placed on uneven ground. (2) Gimbal has
         received an excessive external force, e.g. a collision. Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the
         gimbal after powering up.

       · Flying in heavy fog or cloud may make the gimbal wet, leading to a temporary failure. The gimbal will recover
         when it dries out.

3.5 Camera

The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera powers up when the flight battery has been installed and switched on. Photos and
videos can be shot by pressing either the onboard button or the DJI VISION App. For aerial photography it supports
burst shots, continuous capture and timed capture, and exports to both Adobe DNG Raw and JPEG. For aerial video, it
shoots in full HD at (1080p30/1080i60) and can even shoot 720p60 for internet ready slow motion.

Camera specifications  1/2.3"
Sensor Size
Pixels                 14 Megapixels
Resolution             4384x3288
HD Recording           1080p30 /1 080i60/720p60
Recording FOV          110°/85°

Lens cap removal                                                                    Figure 18
Remove lens cap before use and replace it when
shooting is complete to protect the camera lens.

Camera Function Buttons
Capture: Press (hold less than 2 seconds) to take a single

            capture.
Record: Press {hold more than 2 seconds) to begin

            recording. Press again to stop.

Camera Data Port
Connect the Camera Data Port to a PC using a Micro-USB
cable to copy files to a PC.

                                                                         Figure 19

& Photos and videos can only be copied when the flight battery is powered on.

14 © 2015 OJI AI! Rights Reserved.
                                                                                         Assembly and Use

Camera LED Indicator

Camera LED Indicator lights up after the flight battery is powered on. It provides information on the working status of the
camera.

Camera LED Indicator                             Wi-Fi status       Camera status
                                                 OFF                Power On; Idle
:if$/: Green Solid

-@Slow Green Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)           ON                 Idle
                                                                    Micro-SO card connected to PC
:if$1:- Green Blink(0.1 son, 0.3s off, 0.1 son, 1.8s off) ON        Synchronizing
                                                                    Recording
~ Fast Green Blink (0.1 s on, 0.3s off)          ON                 Taking a single picture.
                                                                    Taking 3 or 5 photos per shot
-:rt?;- Orange Solid                             OFF                Firmware Upgrading
                                                 ON/OFF             Recording
:rtJ Orange Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)                          Critical error
                                                                    CMOS sensor error
:(Q): Orange Blink 3 Times(0.1s on, 0.1s off)    ON/OFF             Operation failed

:lt!f Orange Fast Blink (0.1s on, 0.3s off)      ON/OFF

-if$1:-:lt!f Green, Orange (0.2s green, 1.8s orange) ON

'@ Red Solid                                     ON I OFF

-~~ Slow Red Blink (0.2s on, 1.8s off)           ON/OFF
                                                 ON/OFF
'ii!J: Red Blink Once (0.2s on, 0.3s off)

'®:Red Blink3 Times(0.1s on, 0.1s off)           ON/OFF             Micro-SO card error

:'@Fast Red Blinks (0.1 son, 0.3s off)           ON/OFF             Upgrade error
                                                 ON/OFF             Overheated Camera
'~-x9ce<J;ll:- Fast Green, Orange and Red Blink

               (0.1s on, 0.3s off)

4At{aching'tm~ Pr~~eller!:l·_

Always use original 9-inch propellers, classified by the color of each central nut.

4.1 Introduction

Propellers                       Grey Nut (9450)                                     Black Nut (9450 R)

Diagram

Assembly Location Attach to motor without black dot.                Attach to motor with black dot.

Fastening/        EJ"'J Lock: Tighten propeller in this direction.
Un-fastening
Instructions      'l'b Unlock: Loosen propeller in this direction.

4.2 Assembly

(1) (Figure 20) Remove warning cards from rnotors after you have read them.
(2) (Figure 21) Spin grey marked propellers clockwise onto unmarked motors and black marked propellers anti-

     clockwise for black marked motors.

                      Figure 20                                                      Figure 21
                                                                                            © 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                              15
       Assembly and Use

       0 Propellers self tighten during flight. DO NOT use thread locker.

       Lt, · Always match marked props with the corresponding motor.

              · Protective gloves are recommended during propeller assembly and removal.

       4.3 Removing the Propellers                                                         0

       (Figure 22) Prevent motor rotation using the included wrench or a                  Unlock direction
       hand, then remove propeller according to the un-fastening instructions.

r"o1J  4.4 Notes

u      (1) Check that propellers and motors are insialled correctly and firmly

~- before every flight.
:::>
CD     (2) Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight.

3' DO NOT use any ageing, chipped, or broken propellers.
<D
JJ (3) To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOT touch propellers or
<D
       motors when they are spinning.
3
m0 (4) ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.
                                                                                          Figure 22

0
0
~
Lt,Q.
             For beginner flyers, Phantom 2 Prop Guards are recommended. Contact your authorized dealer or DJI customer
~            service to purchase if necessary.

       ~ 'Pf-ep~r,ifl~,i~g,fien;iote>Contro)l~~ ·. ··

       The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is a wireless communication device using the 5.8GHz frequency band.
       Remote Controller and Phantom are paired before delivery.
       For upgraded remote controller (models: NPVT581, NDJ6 or NRC900), select "Upgrade Version" in Phantom Assistant.
       For basic remote controller (models: PVT581, DJ6 or RC900), select "Basic Version" in Phantom Assistant.
       The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default. This can be adjusted in the PHANTOM RC Assistant. See Using the
       PHANTOM RC Assistant (Page 47) for details. You can also adjust the power of your Remote Controller according to
       national regulations. Please refer to Compliance Version Configuration (Page 19).

       ~     · Compliance Version: The Phantom 2 Vision+ Remote Controller is compliant with CE and FCC (see the FCC ID)

       I:.P

             regulations.

             · Operating Mode: Mode 1 and Mode 2 refer to different channel mappings.

             · Mode 1: The right stick controls throttle.

             · Mode 2: The left stick controls throttle.

                The Range Extender and Phone Holder are already mounted on the Remote Controller. Twist the Mobile Device
                Holder to face outwards and fix it in position for mobile device installation.

       0 Large smartphones and tablets are not recommended for the Phone Holder as they do not fit.

       16 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved.
                                                                                               \

                                  i
                                 /

                                                                                        Assembly and Use

5.1 The Remote Controller                      [1] Antenna                                                                       s-
                                               [2] LeftDial
               [2]                             [3] Switch S1                                                                     (J)
     J3 [4]                                    [4] Switch S2 (Reserved)
J4+1· [6]                                      [5] Right Stick: J1, Roll [left & right],                                         JJ

               [7]                                                  J2, Pitch [front & back]                                     (J)
               [8]                             [6] Left Stick: J3, Throttle [up & down],
               [9]                                                                                                               3
             [11]                                                    J4, Yaw [rotation]
                                               [7] Neck Strap Attachment                                                         0
5.2 Power on the Remote Controller             [8] Power Switch
                                               [9] Power Indicator                                                               ro-
                                              [10] Battery Level Indicator                                                       o
                                              [11] Battery Charge & RC Assistant Port (use the supplied micro-
                                                                                                                                 0
                                                      USB cable to charge or upgrade the remote controller)
                                              [12] Training Port(on back)                                                        'Q"-_

(1) Set S1 and 52 switches to the upper most position and place all sticks in the mid-point.                                     ~
(2) Toggle power switch to the right to switch on.
(3) There will be a power on indicator beep. If the remote controller is set to be CE compliant, then

     there will be one beep, while the FCC compliant version will emit two beeps. The battery level
     indicator displays the current battery level. The indicator will blink green quickly, indicating the
     remote controller and receiver are linking. Once fully linked, the power indicator will change to
     a solid green.

& · If the low voltage warning alert sounds (refer to Remote Controller Power LED Status Information (Page 17) for

          details), please recharge the battery as soon as possible.
       · Using the incorrect type of charging cable may cause damage.
       · Following long term storage, recharge the battery before use.

5.3 Remote Controller Power LED Status Information

Power LED Indicator              Sound        Remote Controller Status
                                 None
/~:-.~Solid Green                None         Functioning normally.
:($):~Solid Red                  None
                                 BB--BB---BB  Charging( remote controller is powered off)
cl_$: ~Solid Yellow
'if!F ~Solid Red                 B-B-B ...    Remote controller joysticks calibration error, need to be re-calibrate.

:if!F ...... Quick Red flashing               Low voltage (from 3.5V-3.53V), recharge the remote controller.
                                              Critical low voltage (from 3.45V-3.5V). Recharge the remote
:~ ...... Slow Green flashing B--B--B....     controller immediately.
                                              Alert will sound after 15 minutes of inactivity. It will stop once you
                                              start using the remote controller.

5.4 Battery Level Indicator                                                             Battery Level Indicator

Built-in LiPo Battery: The remote controller includes a rechargeable LiPo battery with   (/j @ @ ®
a capacity of 2000mAh. You can monitor the current battery level using the LED
indicators on the front panel of the remote controller as the figure shown:             25% 50% 75% 100%

& The remote controller will show a blinking LED and sound an alert when the voltage drops below 3.45V, then

        automatically power off after 3 seconds. This process will repeat even if you power cycle the remote controller. If
        this low voltage warning occurs during flight, the remote controller will automatically power off, causing the aircraft
         to enter Failsafe mode, which cannot be interrupted (refer to Failsafe Function (Page27) for details). It is strongly
         recommended that you recharge the battery immediately when the 3.45V-3.5V low voltage warning occurs.

5.5 Antenna Orientation

Keep the antennas pointing skyward, perpendicular to the ground for maximum remote controller range during flight.

                                                                                              17© 2015 OJI. All Rights Reserved
     Assembly and Use

     Figure 25                                              For maximum range and reliability, Remote Controller antenna
                                                            should point skywards with no obstructions between it and the
                                                            Phantom Obstacles may cause Return to Home to trigger. Phone
                                                            Holder and Range Extender should not block the antenna.

     5.6 Remote Controller Operation

     The Remote Controller is set to Mode 2 by default.

I:I:J ·"D

.@ Stick Neutral/ mid point: Control sticks of the Remote Controller are placed at the central position.

~ · Move the Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the central position.
:;·

CQ

:;. Remote Controller                    Aircraft           Operation details

CD   (Mode2)           (.Ill indicates nose direction)
:rJ
CD

3                                                           Vertical movements on the left stick control elevation.

0
<D Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.

0 When both sticks are centered the Phantom will hover in place.

0

[:J Push the throttle stick upward beyond the centered
                                                                                              (neutral) position to take off. Push the throttle gently to

~ prevent sudden and unexpected elevation.

                                                            Horizontal movements on the left stick control the rudder.
                                                            Push left to rotate counter clock-wise and right for
                                                            clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom will fly
                                                            straight.
                                                            The more the stick is moved, the faster the Phantom will
                                                            rotate.

                                                            Vertical movements on the right stick control forward and
                                                            backward pitch.
                                                            Push up to fly forward and down to fly backward. The
                                                            Phantom will hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                            Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                            35") and faster flight.

                                                            Horizontal movements on the right stick control left and
                                                            right pitch.
                                                            Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The Phantom will
                                                            hover in place if the stick is centered.
                                                            Push the stick further for a larger pitch angle (maximum
                                                            35") and faster flight.

                       'w··!             @o;       /~\      Left Dial: Turn the dial to the right, and the camera will
                                                            shift to point upwards.Turn the dial to the left, and the
                                                   II       camera will shift to point downwards. The camera will
                       '- '' /                              keep its current position if the dial is static.
                                         -/              /
                                                            The S1 switch is used for compass calibration. Toggle the
                       Posiilcii=J 1 Position 2 Position 3  S1 from position 1 to position 3 and back approximately 5
                                                            times to enter into compass calibration mode.
                       '(j; /..--' 1'--'                    In Naza-M mode, the S1 switch is used to switch
                                                            between control modes and enter compass calibration.
                              I\ @o'! ~;
                                                            S2 is used to record a Home point manually. After a Home
                         '---/ '- ... / '··-- /             point has been recorded automatically, flipping S2 from
                                                            position 1 to position 3 and back 5 times (or more) rapidly
                       Position 1 Position 2 Position 3     will move the Home point to the Phantom's current location.
                                                            In addition, you can enable Dynamic Home Point feature
                                                            in DJI VISION App.
                                                            In Naza-M working mode, S2 is be used for IOC.

     18 © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved
                                                                              Assembly and Use

& ·In 'Ready to Fly' mode, the Phantom will hover when all sticks are released.

       ·In 'Ready to Fly (non-GPS)' the Phantom will lock its altitude but will not have horizontal positioning.

5.7 Linking the Remote Controller and Receiver

A 5.8G receiver is built in to the Phantom 2 Vision+. Its link button and indicator are located on the underside of the
phantom, as shown in Figure 26.
The Remote Controller and the receiver are paired before delivery. Only use this button if you have replaced your
Remote Controller or receiver.

Linking Procedures

(1) Power off the Remote Controller, power on the aircraft.
     You will see the link indicator blinking red.

(2) Press the link button with a thin object and hold
     until the link indicator blinks yellow. Release the link
     button.

(3) Power on the Remote Controller. Link indicator will
     switch off, showing that a link has been successfully
     established.

                                                               Figure 26

Link Indicator

                           Ready to link.   Switch on the Remote Controller.

5.8 Compliance Version Configuration

As power levels vary between regulators, the Phantom Remote Controller's power output can be adjusted by twisting the
CE/FCC Control Knob (Figure 27) on the back of the Remote Controller using a flathead screwdriver. ForCE compliance,
set the Remote Controller to CE with a full counterclockwise turn. For FCC compliance, set the Remote Controller to FCC
with a full clockwise turn. Be sure to follow relevant local regulations.
Compliance can be configured using the PHANTOM RC Assistant. Select CE compliance version in Assistant to set it, or
do the same with FCC compliance version.

@ @.®·                                                         & · Turn the CE/FCC Control Knob gently to avoid
                           0 0..,1
                                                                        damage.
                                    CE FCC
                                                                      · CE compliant devices have an effective remote
                Figure 27                                               controller range of 400 meters in open spaces due
                                                                        to power limitations.

                                                                      · FCC compliant devices have an effective range of
                                                                        BOO meters in open spaces.

                                                                      · Watch your flight distance as the Phantom 2
                                                                        Vision+ will enter Failsafe mode (auto-landing or
                                                                        go home and land) if it flies beyond the relevant
                                                                        range limits.

                                                                      · Always follow local laws and regulations.

                                                                      · It is recommended to use a CD2.4mrn flathead
                                                                         screwdriver for adjustments.

                                                                      · There is another potentiometer for reserved use.

                                                                          19© 2015 DJI. All Rtghts Reserved.
Assembly and Use

 6 Preparing the Range Extender

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Range Extender is a wireless communication device that operates within the 2.4 GHz frequency
band. It is used to extending the effective range of communication between a Smartphone and the Phantom 2 Vision+.
In an open, unobstructed area, the transmission distance can reach up to 700 meters. This can be reduced by trees,
buildings and other sources of the same frequency. Before every flight, it is suggested that you ensure the Range
Extender is functioning properly; otherwise communication issues between the mobile device and the Phantom 2
Vision+ may occur.
Each Range Extender has a unique MAC address and network name (SSID), details of which are printed on the label as
'Phantom_)()()()()()('. The 'XXXXXX' represents the last 6 letters or numbers of the MAC address for the Range Extender.
This can be renamed in the DJI VISION App.

6.1 Introduction

[1]-+-------                       [4]---t'----,                                    [1] SYSTEM Indicator
                                   [5]-t---""'ill                                   [2] POWER Indicator
[2]----i~====~~==o!::=~                                                             [3] Locking Screw
                                   [6]~~~~=7                                        [4] Binding Reset Button
                                                                                    [5] Power Switch
                                   [7]                                              [6] Charging Port(Micro-USB slot)
                                                                                    [7] Mounting Bracket
                  Figure 28                Figure 29

SYSTEM Indicator

Shows Wi-Fi status of the Range Extender.

                        ~~~~

                                      The Wi-Fi network is functioning abnormally.

POWER Indicator
Shows power levels of the Range Extender.

:~: Solid green   Fully charged.
                  Low voltage alert, re-charge required.
:iff~: Solid red  Charging.

:@Solid Yellow

Lt. If the power indicator is a solid red light, the Ranger Extender may stop working at any moment. Land and

       recharge as soon as possible.

Binding Reset Button
When the Binding Reset Button is pressed, it will reset and restart the Range Extender. You will need to bind it with the
Phantom 2 Vision+ again to recreate its Wi-Fi network. Failure to do so will cause the OJ I VISION App to fail to connect
with the camera.

6.2 Using Range Extender

Charging the Range Extender
Charge the Range Extender by connecting the charging port to a power supply device such as a PC or a USB charger
using a Micro-USB cable. Make sure to charge the Range Extender completely before using it for the first time. This
takes 3-4 hours depending on USB power output.

Lt. Make sure the Range Extender has enough power before each use.

20 © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                               Assembly and Use

Powering on the Range Extender

(1) Flick the power switch to the ON position.
(2) Wait for approximately 30 seconds. The Wi-Fi signal indicator will blink green indicating the Range Extender is

     communicating properly.
(3) Keep the Range Extender facing the aircraft during flight for the best communication link.

 ~ Power off the Range Extender after every flight to avoid discharging the battery.

Checking the Battery Level

The battery level of the Range Extender can be checked in the camera page of the DJ I VISION App as shown below.
When the battery level drops to 20% or lower, the battery level icon will go red as a charging reminder.

battery level above 20%, icon is blue  battery level under 20%,icon goes red                                               "1J

                                                  Dlalance:111.2ft Mrtude:11a.1n Speed:O.Omph                              <D

                                                        Figure 31                                                          "0

                                                                                                                           ~s·

                                                                                                                           co

                                                                                                                           S'

                                                                                                                            CD

                                                                                                                           :n

                                                                                                                           "'c::o:>

                                                                                                                            CD

                                                                                                                           m

                                                                                                                            X

                                                                                                                           <D

                                                                                                                            :::>
                                                                                                                            Q.

                                                                                                                           ~

Figure 30

6.3 Rename Range Extender SSID

Make your Range Extender SSID easier to remember by changing its name.

L<:- ) Sett1ngs 0                      [5_] SSID lZ_I                   c~:           SSID     C~J

  Claar News Cache                      ( Phantom_108563                Current $SID
  Binding                               (Phantom_
  Rename SSID Of Range Extender >                                       F'I&MIIenlarlhalallslxnumbe,.ofMAC
                                                                        AddrlnRIIngeEx!enderiDCC!IIlm!ITID<il'y
        Figure 32
                                                                        ll I l

                                                                         ~~

                                       Figure 33                             Figure 34

(1) Tap'"Rename SSID of Range Extender" in the Settings page. Enter a new SSID name (e.g. Phantom_Tom) in the
     textbox.

(2) Tap 1!.1 and you will be asked to enter the last six characters of your MAC address on the Range Extender to

     confirm the change. The MAC address can be found on the sticker on your Range Extender. If your MAC address is
     60:60:1 F:60:41 :E7, then enter 6041 E7.
(3) Tap "OK" to confirm the change. The Range Extender will automatically restart and the App will return to the settings
     page. Approximately 30 seconds later, the new network name can be found in the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.
     Select and connect the renamed network to use the DJI VISION App.

6.4 Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range Extender

If the connection between the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range
Extender fails, or one of them needs to be repaired or replaced, a
camera and Range Extender binding will need to be performed through
the DJI VISION App.

                                                                                                 Figure 35       21
                                                                             © 2015 DJI All Rlgt1ts Reserved
Assembly and Use

(1) Power on the camera and Range Extender.
(2) Approximately 30 seconds later, press the Binding Reset Button on the Range Extender with a pin until the SYSTEM

     Indicator turns off. The Range Extender will then restart automatically.
(3) Approximately 30 seconds later, the SYSTEM Indicator will start to blink green, indicating that the Range Extender is

     ready for binding.

(4) Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select "Phantom_xXXXXX" the (SS!Dof your Range Extender) from theWi-Fi
     network list.

(5) Run the DJI VISION App then tap -> Settings -> General -> Binding (Figure 36). Select 'Scan OR Code' to scan
     the camera OR code on the bottom of aircraft (Figure 37). Get the camera SSID (E.g. FC200_xxxxxx) and the MAC
     address (Figure 38). You can also skip the scan and enter the camera MAC address directly (Figure 39). The MAC
     address can be found on the camera label.

(6) Tap the tick~ in the top right corner. The Range Extender should automatically restart. Binding is now complete.

0                                C!i:J                 B1nding    ~
0                                               Scan the QR Code
                                   MAC Address                     ,
"':0
                                    NawScaMDd
0 Rotation Lock
                                   SSID
"os'_·                             MAC Address

co Tutortal

"'6._ aear News Cache

                    Binding

                      Figure 36                 Figure 37                           Scan the camera OR code on
                                                171                                       the bottom of aircraft
g
CD 1+\1                          Binding

0                                               FC200_000539
'--

<
ill

6z

 )>

u
u

                                 Figure 38                        Figure 39

0 DO NOT push the Binding Reset Button of the Range Extender unless you are ready to rebind the Range
         Extender and the camera. This will unbind your camera so you must follow the steps above for rebinding.

If both the Phantom 2 Vision+ and the Range Extender are powered on and working normally, you will be able
to find the SSID on the Wi-Fi list of your mobile device.

· The OR code is located on the bottom cover of the Phantom 2 Vision+. If you cannot find the OR code, please
  contact OJ! customer service and provide your camera serial number (printed on the label of the camera) so
  they can generate a new OR code for you.

· Photographing and saving the OR code is recommended to prevent loss.

.7 Downloading. ahd; lhstanillg'itheDJI:Visn\l:NApp .·            -- ----:;;---

7.1 Download and Install

Download DJI VISION App
Download and install the OJ! VISION App. Choose one of the download methods below.

Search "OJ! VISION" on the App Store then follow instructions for iOS version.
Search "OJ! VISION" on Google Play then follow instructions for Android version.

 iOS6.1 or above Android 4.0 or above

22 © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                                      Assembly and Use

Supported mobile devices
iOS (iOS6.1 or above) Recommended: iPhone4S, iPhone5, iPhone5S, iPhone5C,iPhone6, iPhone6 Plus, iPod Touch4,

                                                      iPod Touch5; Available but not recommended: iPad3, iPad4, iPad mini, iPad Air.
Android (4.0 or above): Samsung Galaxy S3, S4, Note2, Note3 or mobile devices of similar configuration.

ffi DJ I continues to support many mobile devices and any information from users are welcome. Please send any

         questions or queries to the following mailbox: phantom2vision@dji.com.

& The DJI website is regularly updated. Check back often for latest App updates.

7.2 Register and Login

Access the Internet to register and login.

      _ond_. . . _..,_SHARE YOURAERIAL MASTERPIECES                            ---00---                                                                 g

                                            ~-ond-dftoll)'lo)'OUI"                                                                                      <D

[1]--+--------,                                                                                                                                         0
                                                                                                                                                        '--
[2] Craate New Account
                                                                                                                                                        <en
Figure 40                                                           Figure 41  Figure 42
                                                                                                                                                        6z
[1] Register
                                                                                                                                                         )>
   Tap 'Register' to enter the registration page. Fill in your Email and Password information and then tap r:11 to create a
                                                                                                                                                        u
     new account.                                                                                                                                       u

;\): The DJI account works with all DJI Assistant and Apps.

[2] Login

   Tap 'Login' to enter the login page. Fill in your registered Email and Password and then tap r:ll to login.

   & Log in to your account the first time you use the DJI VISION App.

      ;\): Tap "Forgot Password" if you have forgotten your login details.

[3] Usage tips
     Useful tips will display when you enter the welcome page. Tap the screen to display the next tip.

[3]---+--

                                                                               Figure 43                                     23
                                                                                              © 2015 DJI AU Rights Reserved
      Assembly and Use                                                                                                                                                  ~~ Settmgs L...0

               Enable the "Tutorial" switch in the Settings page to get                                                                                                  GENERAL
               hints and tips the first time you use the DJI VISION App.                                                                                                 Rotation lock

                                                                                                                                                             Figure 44  Tutorial
                                                                                                                                                                        Clear News cache

                                                                                                                                                                        e;,·. ,

      8 ~()nnecting the Camera

      Before flight, always connect your smartphone to the Phantom's Wi-Fi network. This is required for the camera control

      and FPV.

0
0
:::>  8.1 Connecting Procedures
:::>
<D
Ss-·
      Follow these instructions to connect a mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera.
co    (1) Power on the Remote Controller and the Range Extender.

s: (2) Power on the Phantom 2 Vision+.
<D
0     (3) Enable the Wi-Fi on your mobile device; wait for about 30 seconds, and then select "Phantom_XXXXXX" from theWi-

"'3 Fi network list (Figure45).

<D (4) Run the OJI VISION App on your mobile device. When the Wi-Fi Computer Connection status on the App main menu
iil goes green, the connection is good (Figure46).

      (5) Tap the "CAMERA" icon and the DJI VISION App will begin a live camera preview (Figure47). This means every1hing

      is functioning normally.

                                '~         Wf..FI                                                                                                     ~1~;.;.~,~~;~,.oo~,~.~~~L-Wi-Fi Computer
                                [ Wi-Fi
                Enable Wi-Fi -                       ~]

                                Choose a Network...                                                                                                   "'="'             Connection status

                Select          FC200_000539

      Phantom_XXXXXX - - <I Phantom_100020

                                Other ...

                                [ Ask to Join Networks ~ ]                                                                                            .....Figure 46

                                         Known nalwa!1ts wi!l be joined                                                                               · Iilii~

                                           Figure 45

                                                                                                      OlstanCO!I:O.att Allllllde:92.411 Spoed:O.Omph         Figure 47

      Wi-Fi Computer Connection Status Description

                           Solid green Wi-Fi is connected to the Phantom 2 Vision+.

          :~: Solid blue Wi-Fi is connected to another Wi-Fi network, not to the Phantom 2 Vision+.

                                 Off No Wi-Fi connection.

      ffi ·The SSID is unique for each Phantom 2 Vision+ It will appear as Phantom_XXXXXX in your Wi-Fi list.

              · Android users can tap the SSID button on the main page to mobile device Wi-Fi settings directly.

      24 © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
Flight

Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended to carry out the tasks in the Phantom Pilot Training Guide
to prepare for more complex flight maneuvers and learn to fly safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in a suitable
location.

Flight Environment Requirements

(1) Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speed exceeding category 4, snow, rain
     and smog.

(2) Fly in open fields as high buildings or steel structures may affect the accuracy of the onboard compass.
(3) Keep the Phantom away from obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees or bodies of water when in flight.
(4) Reduce the chance of electromagnetic interference by not flying in areas with high levels of electromagnetism,

     including base stations or radio transmission towers.
(5) The Phantom cannot operate within the polar areas.
(6) Do not fly the aircraft within no-fly zones specified by local laws and regulations.

Preflight Checklist                                                                                                          0

(1) Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.                                       r~r
(2) Propellers are mounted correctly.                                                                                        ~-
(3) Gimbal clamp has been removed.
(4) Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.                                                             ::>
(5) Anti-drop kits have been mounted correctly.
(6) Camera lens cap has been removed.                                                                                        co
(7) Micro-SO card has been inserted if necessary.                                                                            S'
(8) Gimbal is functioning as normal.
(9) Motors can start and are functioning as normal.                                                                          CD
(10) OJI VISION App can connect to the camera.                                                                               0
                                                                                                                             0
 1 Calibrating the Comp;;i$$
                                                                                                                             3
IMPORTANT: Make sure to calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive to                 u
electromagnetic interference, which can cause abnormal compass data leading to poor flight performance or even flight
failure. Regular calibration is required for optimum performance.                                                            ""(/)

                                                                                                                              (/)

0 ·DO NOT calibrate your compass where there is a chance of strong magnetic interference, such as magnetite,

         parking structures, and steel reinforcements underground.
       · DO NOT carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular phones.
       · DO NOT calibrate beside massive metal objects.

1.1 Calibration Procedures

Choose an open space to carry out the following procedures. Watch the Phantom 2 Vision+ quick start video for more
details.

            Position-3 J.~.,::·                  )>-  ~                      ~.-11>-

            Position-1->PositiOil-3->Position 1
            Flip 5 times or above, or tap
            'Compass Calibration' in OJI
            VISIONAPP

                                                                             LED Flight

Startcali.             y                                                     Indicator
                                                      'LED Flight Indicator  'Normal LED  'Red, Yellow
               LED Flight Indicator                        Solid Green
                    Solid Yellow                                                          flashing in turn

            Start horizontal calibration                                     Succeed       Fail

                                                   Position-1                Re-calibrate

                                                 j Position-3 :_~:,

                                                 1Positon-1->Positon-3

                                                 ,->P~~t~n1_Fiipc)nce

                                                      Figure 48

                                                                             © 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved  25
                                                )

Flight

 '\): If compass calibration is needed before flight, a prompt will appear on the DJI VISON App's camera page. It will
         disappear after successful calibration.

1.2 When to Recalibrate

(1) When compass data is abnormal, the rear LED flight indicator will blink red and yellow.
(2) Flying in different location to last flight.
(3) Mechanical structure of the Phantom has changed, i.e. changed mounting position of the compass.
(4) Severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom does not fly in straight lines.

2 Staning1Stopping the Motors

2.1 Starting Motors

A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors instead of
simply pushing the stick up. Push both sticks to their bottom corners to start the
motors. Once the motors have spun up, release both sticks simultaneously.

2.2 Stopping Motors                                Figure 49

There are two methods to stop the motors.

Method 1: When the Phantom has landed, push the throttle down, then conduct CSC. Motors will stop immediately.

:;. Release both sticks once motors stop.

CD Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push the throttle down and hold. Motors will stop after 3 seconds.
;;::

0

0
Ul

[1]                                        [2]
          Figure 50
                                                Figure 51

0 Do not execute CSC during normal flight. This will stop the motors and cause the aircraft to drop without control.

'\): · Conduct the CSC as neatly as you can. Release the sticks once motors start/stop.
       · Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The stick will lock into place and the aircraft will descend steadily. Push
         the throttle stick upward to release throttle lock.

3 ~ilgljtTest

3.1 Take off/Landing Procedures

(1) Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on open flat ground with battery indicators facing towards you.
(2) Power on the Remote Controller and Range Extender, then the Smart Flight Battery.
(3) Launch the DJI VISION App and start bind it with your smartphone then enter the camera preview page.
(4) Wait until the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks green. This means it has initialized and is Ready to Fly. If it flashes yellow,

     it is in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and will require more careful flight. Execute the CSC command to start motors.
(5) Push the throttle up slowly to take off. Refer to Remote Controller Operation (Page 18) for more details.
(6) Shoot photos and videos using the DJI VISION App. Refer to DJI VISION App Usage (Page 32) for more details.
(7) To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle gently to descend.
(8) After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position for 3 seconds or more until the

     motors stop.
(9) Turn off the smart battery, Range Extender and Remote Controller.

26 © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                Flight

& o When the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinks yellow rapidly during flight, the aircraft has entered Failsafe mode.

         Refer to Failsafe Function(Page 27) for details.
       o A low battery level warning is indicated by the Rear LED Flight Indicator blinking red slowly or rapidly during

         flight. Refer to the Low Battery Level Warning Function(Page 28) for details.
       o View tutorials about flight for more flight information:www.dji.corn/phantom2visionplus/training.
       o Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and temperature. Be

         very careful when flying 3000 meters (9800 feet) or more above sea level, as battery and aircraft performance
         may be reduced.

3.2 Video Suggestions and Tips

(1) Work through the check list before each flight.
(2) Set the gimbal working mode to Stabilized.
(3) Aim to shoot when flying in Ready to Fly only.
(4) Always fly in good weather, such as sunny or windless days.
(5) Change camera settings to suit you. These include FOV, photo format and exposure compensation.
(6) Take flight tests to establish flight routes and scenes.
(7) Push the sticks gently to make aircraft movements stable and smooth.

'\f:,~IIs~-i~;;~:ci~eti<>:r~·

The Phantom will enter Failsafe mode when its connection to the Remote Controller is lost. The Flight Control System will
automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to prevent injury or damage.

=~ Home Point: When the Phantom enters 'Ready to Fly' from the 'Ready to Fly status (non-GPS)', the GPS
         coordinates will be recorded and set as the home point.
         o When Remote Controller signal is lost, the aircraft will return to the recorded home point coordinates and land.
         o Home point coordinates are used to calculate the horizontal distance of the aircraft (shown as "Distance" on the
           GUI of the DJI VISION App).
         o After successfully record the home point, rear LED flight indicators blink fast green.
         Dynamic Home Point: The Home point will be reset to position of the mobile device at specific time intervals.
         o Enable dynamic home point in DJI Vision app or Phantom 2 Assistant.
         o Dynamic home point is only available to the GPS-enabled mobile device. Turn on GPS and data service to
           obtain higher accuracy of the mobile device position.
         o Dynamic home point is useful in situations when you are in motion and require a Home point that is different
           from the takeoff point.

4.1 When Will Failsafe Activate?

(1) The Remote Controller is powered off.
(2) The Phantom has flown out of effective remote controller range.
(3) The signal between the Remote Controller and the Phantom has been blocked.
(4) There is interference causing a signal problem with the Remote Controller.

4.2 Failsafe Procedure

Initiating the Failsafe mode from different flying statuses will results in different landing processes.
Ready to Fly(non-GPS)- Automatic landing
The Flight Control System will keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. It may be drift during the descent and landing process.
Ready to Fly- Automatic go home and land
The Flight Control System will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and land.

1 Record Home Point                       2 Flying                                                      3 Remote Controller signal lost
                                                                                                                -yI ,-
~. --y-                                   LED Flight Indicator Green flashing                           c~li @
                                          5 Fly back to home point
LED Flight Indicator                                                                                    LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing
Yellow flashing _. Green flashing               *~-~~~~~~~~~;~~~20m
                                                         X Elevateto20rn :
4 Signal lost lasts 3s, begin to go home            @20m l'i'\                                          6 Landing after hovering 15s
                                                                           Hei ht over home point<=20m
~~ ®                 ~                    LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing                            -y-

LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing                       F1gure 52                                    ~·'-"' ...
                                                                                                                         @
                                                                                                        LED Flight Indicator Yellow flashing

                                                                                                        © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved       27
                       \

Flight

& ·To ensure the aircraft successful return to horne after Failsafe activation, aim to only fly in Ready to Fly mode.

       ·The Phantom will automatically descend during the Failsafe process if there are less than 6 GPS satellites
          detected for more than 20 seconds.

       · When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position and altitude if the remote
          controller signal is recovered.

       · Aircraft cannot navigate around vertical obstacles on its return home course during Failsafe. However, you can set
         return home altitude value in Phantom Assistant to avoid hitting vertical obstacles through OJI Phantom Assistant.

         Quickly flipping the S2 switch of the Remote Controller from top to bottom 5 times or more will reset the current
         aircraft position as a new home point. Rear LED flight indicators will blink green rapidly when successful.

Failsafe on the DJI VISION App
The OJI VISION App will provide information during Failsafe.

                                                                                                                                . ,..

                                                                         Alt!lude:118.51l Spoed:O.Omph  Figure 54

                                      Figure 53

4.3 Regaining Control During Failsafe Procedures

Position of Switch S1                              -                                                     (-~-;                          ;/~;
How to regain control
                                           ;'(j';                                                       Po~ilio~-2                     Po;ltio'n-3

                                             Po~~fo-n-1                                                 Regain control as soon as signal is
                                                                                                        recovered.
                       When the S1 switch is switched to Position-1, toggle
                       the S1 switch to any other position once to regain
                       control. If the Remote Controller signal is recovered,
                       control is returned to the pilot.

s.l:ow Batt~~Y LeVetWarnin9·Funbtlon

If the OJ I smart battery is depleted to a point that may affect the safe return of the aircraft, the low battery level warning
notifies users to take action. Users are advised to land the aircraft immediately when they observe these warnings. The
thresholds for these warnings are automatically determined based on the current aircraft altitude and its distance from
the Home point. Details of the battery level warning are listed below:

                       Critical Low   Sufficient battery                                                           Estimated
                       battery level  levei(Green)                                                                 remaining
                       warning(Red)                                                                                flight time
                                                    Current
                                                    battery level

                                                                                                                   20Jin

                                      Battery level indicator

                                      Figure 55

28 © 2015 DJI AI! Rights Reserved
                                                                                                    \

                                                                                                                          Flight

Sufficient battery Sufficient battery Green LED blinks  No message prompts                          Operating normally, no
                                                                                                    specific action needed
level             level             slowly
                                                                                                    Fly the Phantom 2
                                                        When "Go-Home" is                           Vision+ back and land
                                                        selected in the Phantom                     it as soon as possible,
                                                        Assistant, this message                     then stop the motors
                                                        will appear:                                and replace the battery.

                                                                     Go HomeJn 10 seconds           The Phantom 2 Vision+
                                                            If you cancel, there may not be enough  will begin to descend
                                                                                                    and land automatically.
                                                              battery power to return to the home
                                                                                 point!             N/A

Low battery       The battery       Red LED blinks      Tap "Go-home" to have
level warning     power is low.     slowly.             the aircraft return to the
                  Please land the                       Home point and land
                  aircraft.                             automatically, or "Cancel"
                                                        to resume normal flight.
                                                        If no action is taken, the                                                '0
                                                        aircraft will automatically
                                                        go home and land after 10                                                 :i
                                                        seconds.                                                                  rn

Critical Low      The aircraft      Red LED blinks      The DJ I Vision App screen                                                §'"'
battery level     must land         quickly.            will flash red and aircraft
warning           immediately.                          starts to descend.                                                        -<

Estimated         Estimated         N/A                 N/A                                                                       '<C1l
remaining flight  remaining flight
time              based on current                                                                                                ~
                  battery level.
                                                                                                                                  ::;;:

                                                                                                                                  '3"
                                                                                                                                  ,:J

                                                                                                                                  CQ

                                                                                                                                  c

                                                                                                                                   :J

                                                                                                                                  ~
                                                                                                                                  6'

                                                                                                                                   :J

       Color zones on the battery level indicator                           20min reflect estimated remaining

       flight time and are adjusted automatically, according to the aircraft's current status.

       When the critical battery level warning activates and the aircraft is descending to land automatically, you may

       push the throttle upward to hover the aircraft and navigate it to a more appropriate location for landing.

       When these warnings are triggered, please bring the aircraft back to the Horne point or land to avoid losing
       power during flight.

Low Battery Level Warning on the DJI VISION App

Battery level warnings will show on the camera page of the DJI VISION App when the battery level is low.
(1) A red light will flash along the edges of the app screen.
(2) Audible alarm. Make sure sound is turned on and volume is turned up on your mobile device.
(3) The aircraft battery icon will turn red.

                                                                                                    The aircraft battery
                                                                                                    icon will turn red

                                                   Figure 56

                                                                            © 20"15 DJI All Rights Reserved                   29
Flight

 6 Flight Limit~ .

All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations from such organizations as the ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization) and their own national airspace regulations. For safety reasons, the flight limits
function is enabled by default to help users use this product safely and legally. The flight limits function includes height,
distance limits and No Fly Zones.
In Ready to Fly mode, height, distance limits and No Fly Zones work together to manage flight. In Ready to Fly (non-GPS)
status, only height limits work and flights cannot go higher than 120m.

ffi Default parameters in Assistant are compliant within the definitions of class G ruled by ICAO. (Refer to Airspace

          Definition to get more details). As each country has its own rules, make sure to configure these parameters to
          comply with these rules before flying.

6.1 Max Height & Radius Limits

Max Height & Radius limits flying height and distance. Configuration can be done in the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant
(Figure 57). Once complete, your Phantom will fly in a restricted cylinder (Figure 58).

                                                                Max Height               Max Radius

                    Figure 57                                                                Home Point
                                                                    --L-t-----1-- Height of aircraft

                                                                                             when powered on

                                                                          Figure 58

            Limits                       DJI VISION App             Rear LED flight indicator

Max Height  Flight height must be under  Warning: Height limit      None.
Max Radius  the set height.              reached.
                                                                    Rapid red flashing :®: ...... when close to
            Flight distance must be within Warning: Distance limit
                                                                    the max radius limit.···
            the max radius.              reached.

Max Height  Flight Limits                                DJI VISION App                  Rear LED flight indicator
Max Radius  Flight height restricted to 120m and under.  Warning: Height limit reached.  None.
            No limits

& ·If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom, but cannot fly it further.

       · If the Phantom flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within range
         automatically.

6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas

Restricted areas include airports worldwide. All restricted areas are listed on the DJI official website at http://www.dji.
com/fly-safe/category-me. Restricted areas are divided into category A and category B. Category A areas cover major
international airport such as LAX and Heathrow. while category B areas includes smaller airports.

30 © 2015 OJ! All Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                                                                               Flight

Category A Safety Zone
(1) The category A "safety zone" is comprised of a small "no-fly zone" and a range of "restricted-altitude zones". Flight

     is prevented in the "no-fly zone" but can continue with height restrictions in the restricted-altitude zone.
(2) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) around a designated safety zone is a no-fly zone, inside which takeoff is prevented.
(3) 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 5 miles (8 km) around restricted areas are altitude restricted, with maximum altitude going from

     35 feet (10.5 m) at 1.5 miles (2.4 km) to 400 feet (120m) at 5 miles (8 km).
(4) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 320 feet (100m) of the safety zone, a

     warning message will appear on the OJI Vision app.

Category B Safety Zone
(1) Category B "safety zone" is comprised of a "no-fly zone" and a "warning zone".
(2) 0.6 miles (1 km) around the safety zone is a designated "no-fly zone".
(3) A "warning zone" has been set around the safety zone. When you fly within 0.6 miles (1 Km) of this zone, a warning

     will appear on the OJI Vision app.

                                                                                                                                                                            1-Categoi)'Bsafatyzomt---+ 1

                     Figure 59:Category A                                                  Figure 60: Category B

·<W·Ready to Fly ······Green flashing

Zone                 Restriction                              DJI VISION App Notification                        Rear LED
                                                                                                                 Flight Indicator

                     Motors will not start.                   Warning: You are in a No-fly zone. Take off
                                                              prohibited.

·No-fly Zone         If the Phantom enters the restricted                                                         ~: ......
                     area in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode Warning: You are in a No-fly zone, automatic
Restricted-altitude  but Ready to Fly mode activates, the landing has begun. (If you are within 1.5 mile         Red flashing
     flight zone     Phantom will automatically descend to radius)
                     land then stop its motors after landing.

                     If the Phantom enters a restricted area Warning: You are in a restricted zone.
                     in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode and Descending to safe altitude. (If you are between
                                                              the range of 1.5 mile and 5 mile radius)
                     Ready to Fly mode activates, it will     Warning: You are in a restricted zone. Max flight

                     descend to a safe altitude and hover 15  height restricted to between 10.5m and 120m.
                                                              Fly Cautiously.
                     feet below the safe altitude.

Warning zone         No flight restriction applies, but there Warning: You are approaching a restricted

                     will be warning message.                 zone, Fly Cautiously.

Free zone            No restrictions.                         None.                                              None.

EI:J Semi-automatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command during the

         descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing. Users will regain control once the
         motors have stopped. There is no need to toggle the S1 switch .

.& · ·@:-When flying in the safety zone, LED flight indicators will blink red ·····-quickly and continue for 3 seconds,

         then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which point it will switch back to red
          blinking.
       · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines, city centers and
          other special areas. Try to ensure the aircraft is visible.

                                                                                           © 2015 OJI AU Rights Reserved  31
DJI VISION App Usage

6.3 Conditions of Flight Limits

In different working modes and flight modes, flight limits will differ according to number of GPS satellites found. The
following table demonstrates all the cases(..j: available; x:unavailable).

All flights are restricted by height, distance and special areas simultaneously.

0
'-

      6.4 Disclaimer

        Please ensure that you are up to date with international and domestic airspace rules and regulations before using
        this product. By using this product, you hereby agree to this disclaimer and signify that you have read this fully. You
        agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and content while using this product, and for any direct or indirect
        consequences caused by not following this manual, violating or disregarding other applicable local laws, administrative
        rules and social habits thereof.

     DJI VISION App Usage

        The DJI VISION App controls the Phantom 2 Vision+ camera including capture, recording, settings and pitch angle. It
        also displays essential flight information including flight parameters and battery level.

    ·1.·pJl;vJ$1:t?,r·~'~Jf~ffv1~i~1M~~u; '.

        After logging in you will see the VISION App home screen. This shows current Wi-Fi connection status and the four main
        features of the App.

@j cfl· c!iiJ                      ~    Camera     Tap to enter the Camera view screen
                                         Album     Tap to enter your Album of photos and videos
         (!L Phantom 100020 I      ~      News     Tap to read the latest DJ I News
                                        Settings   Tap to change and view app Settings
@        e                         ~    Manuals    Tap to view and download manuals
           ALBUM                        Checklist  Tap to enter the preflight checklist
 CAMERA                            ®

                                   @)

                                   G§]

[@       {§}                       & ·When using the camera and the SD card album (Page 37), connect your

   NEWS  SETTINGS                           mobile device to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network.
                                          · Internet access is required for sharing photos, videos and reading DJI news.
Figure 61
                                          · If you receive a phone call during a flight, the live camera preview screen may
                                            be interrupted. It's recommended to ignore the call and pay attention to your
                                            flight.

32 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                         DJI VISION App Usage

2 Camera Page

            ...[6]                                    [15]                                                  [5]

            [1]                                             R"'<>itoftv              ~   IB!I%              [6]
                                                                                         !\,_               [8]
            -~-8[2] -                                                                IP         -  [  7  ]
                                                                                                            [10]
                                                                                     ,.,._-[9]              [11]

                                                                                     l1'iiD

                                                                                     ~

                                                                                     ~

                                                                                         @] [12]

            [3] ~,~- DJstllllC(I:432.5m AJtltuda:200.4m Spood:7.6rnfs                      @}               [13]
                                                                                                            [14]
                                                                                     -

                                                                                        GJ

            [4] F1gure 62

[1] Return [2] Camera Pitch Control [3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function [4] Flight Parameters [5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength [6]
Flight Battery Level [7] Aircraft GPS Status [8] Micro-SO Card Status [9] Range Extender Battery Level [10] Remaining
Shots [11] Shutter Button [12] Video Recording Button [13] Camera Settings [14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters
[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

[1] Return

     E:I-Return to the preview page                                                                                                      0

[2] Camera Pitch Control                                                                                                                 "3'

   1!3 1!3 1!3-Pitch Control switch is white tap once to highlight it and enter Accelerometer Sensor Mode. Tap again to                  <0

     return to normal.                                                                                                                   '""1J

D a INormal Mode                                                                                                                         ""<'0'

Tap up arrow to pitch camera upwards and down arrow
                                                                                     to pitch downwards. Green slider indicates current

camera pitch.

              .....Gimbal pitch control (Normal Mode)                                          Gimbal pitch movement

            r-.-J

                                           Figure 63                                            Figure 64
Accelerometer Sensor Mode

The gimbal pitch movement is controlled by moving your mobile device. Pitch forward to pitch camera down and
backward to pitch camera up.

            .....Gimbal pitch control (Accelerometer Sensor Mode)                                  Gimbal pitch movement
                                                                           ~ II&Ei%

               S~:O,Omph

               Figure 65                              Figure 66                                             Figure 67

& In Accelerometer Sensor Mode, the pitch angle indicator will show a grey area. When the green pitch indicator

       is inside the grey area, the camera will move according to pitch gestures. When the indicator reaches the

        boundary of the grey area, pitch gestures will control the camera's pitch speed at a constant rate.

                                                                                                   © 2015 DJI AU Rights Reserved 33
                      \

                      )

DJI VISION App Usage

[3] Flight Attitude and Radar Function

Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.                                      Figure 68
(1) The red arrow shows which direction the Phantom 2 Vision+ is facing.
(2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
(3) Pitching of the boundary between light blue and dark blue area shows roll angle.
(4) An orange circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is not available.

     A green circle around the radar indicates that the dynamic home point is available and
     a new home point has been set.

Tap flight attitude icon to turn on the radar function. Home in the center of the radar and the red icon indicates the
Phantom 2 Vision+'s current heading, direction, and approximate distance from home. Tap flight attitude icon again
to disable the radar .The current longitude and latitude of the aircraft is displayed on the bottom of the radar.

Home Point                                                      ~---Aircraft Position
                                                                ""'----Mobile Device Position

Longitude & Latitude

                         Figure 69                   Figure 70

6 ·By default, the center of the radar indicates the home point recorded by the Phantom 2 Vision+. Tap the

         center of the radar to switch the center to your mobile device's current location.
       · If your mobile device contains a compass, the top portion of the Radar is the direction you are pointing. If

         not, the radar will be oriented due north.
       · Distance units are metric in Figure 69 and Figure 70. Users can switch the unit to imperial in the settings page.

[4] Flight Parameters                                                X

     Tap to set return home {RTH) altitude.          Go-Home Setting
     Distance: Horizontal distance from home point.                      NIA
     Altitude: Vertical distance from home point.
     Speed: Horizontal flying speed.                                     20M

                                                      Set New AHitude

;\j: Distance value will show as N/A if the Phantom 2 Vision+ is not in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[5] Wi-Fi Signal Strength

     Indicates camera is connected to your mobile device and Wi-Fi is working normally.
     The connection between the camera and mobile device may fail if Wi-Fi signal strength is low. Refer to Phantom 2
     Vision+ CONNECTION BROKEN for more information.

(6] Flight Battery Level

     Show current flight battery level. When battery level is low and the battery icon turns red it is recommended to fly the
     aircraft back and land it as soon as possible. Please refer to Low Battery Level Warning Function (Page 28) to get
     more details.

[7] Aircraft GPS Status

     GPS status icon display the number of satellites found by the aircraft. The icon is highlighted when more than 6
     satellites are found, allow the Phantom to fly in "Ready to Fly" mode.

[8] Micro-SO Card Status

     Displays Micro-SO Card Status. Icon is highlighted when a valid Micro-SO card is inserted. If there is no Micro-SO
     card present, it is grayed out.

[9] Range Extender Battery Level

     Shows current battery level of the Range Extender. Refer to Checking the Battery Level (Page 21) for rnore details.

[10] Remaining Shots

       Displays estimated shots remaining, based on the current photo size setting and storage capacity of the Micro-SO
       card. This shows '0' if:
       (1) Micro-SO card is not inserted.
       (2) Micro-SO card is full.

34 © 2015 OJ! All Rights Reserved
                                                                                  OJI VISION App Usage

       (3) Micro-SO card is damaged.                                                                              . ''"'
       (4) Connection between the OJI VISION App and camera is broken.

[11] Shutter Button

       Tap to take photos.
       Single capture: press once for a single capture.
       Continuous capture: press once for 3 or 5 captures.
       Timed capture: press once to begin a timed capture, press again to stop.

    o\j: ·Shutter button is disabled during video recording.

                · Capture modes can be reconfigured in camera settings; refer to the Camera Settings (Page35).

[12] Video Recording Button

       Start and stop video recording. Tap once to start recording. A red dot will
       blink to indicate recording is in progress and a time code will appear in
       the top right corner of the preview screen. Press again to stop recording.

[13] Camera Settings

       Tap to open the camera settings menu, refer to Camera Settings (Page 35).

[14] Hide or Show Flight Parameters                                                        Figure 71
                                                                                  Figure 73
Tap to hide flight parameters. Tap again to show.                                                            .... '~"·"'

                                  .."'"""'"        ... liiBIII'                                               ~'""'"          ,0

                                                      ~·                                                     ~                3
8 [~jj"[")                                                                                                        <!>
~ ~'                                                                                                         1---             CD
&                                                  - <!>
                                                      0                                                         0             iil
~Dirlano:oi:0.8ftAIItudlo:92.4ft
                                                                                                                              (J)

                                                                                                                              ~

                                                                                                                               ::J
                                                                                                                              (Q

                                                                                                                              rn

                                  Speed;O,Omph

                  Figure 72

[15] Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

Displays the aircraft's current flight status. Tap for details.

                                                                 [8]

                                                                 [9]

                                                                 [10]

                                                                 [11]

                  Figure 74                                      [12]
                                                                                                  Figure 75

[1] Capture Mode [2] Photo Size [3] Video Resolution [4] Photo Format [5]1SO [6] White Balance [7] Exposure Metering [8]
Exposure Compensation [9] Sharpness [10] Anti-flicker [11] Restore Defaults [12] Format Micro-SO Card

[1] Capture Mode

··Ill                             Single capture.

&I                                3 captures.

                                  5 captures.

                                  Configurable timed capture:                     EE2 l
                                        a) Interval between shots (3-60 s)
                                        b) Number of shots

                                  (2-254, or number of picture is subject to the capacity of the memory card.)

                                                                                  © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved          35
                                                                                  \

DJI VISION App Usage

I!?J ,lSr® ,lSr® ,'\j: Capture Button will change according to the mode selected~(!)

[2] Photo Size                     Large: 4384 X 3288, 4:3, 14.4MP
                                   Medium: 4384 x 2922, 3:2, 12.8MP
            g                      Small: 4384 X 2466, 16:9, 10.8MP

            61

         m

[3] Video Resolution               1920x1080 60i,  16 :9
                                   1920x1080 30p,  16 :9
       "I''"' ''                   1920x1080 25p,  16: 9
                                   1280x960 30p,    4 :3
           ~:::::                  1280x960 25p,    4 :3
                                   1280x720 60p,   16 :9
                                   1280x720 30p,   16 :9
                                   640x480 30p,
                                                    4 : 3(VGA)

     Three Field of View (FOV) options are supported when shooting in 1920x1080 60i, 1920x1080 30p and
     1920x1080 25p: Medium (110') and Narrow (85').

·[4] Photo Format                  JPEG

          II                       RAW
                                   The Phantom 2 Vision+ camera shoots in JPEG and RAW file formats simultaneously
                                   when this option is selected. See the following table for detailed specifications.
                                   JPEG photo size: 4384x3288, 4384x2922, 4384x2466
                                   RAWphoto size: 4384x3288, 4384x2920, 4384x2464

     RAW can be edited using the most recent versions of Adobe Camera Raw for Photoshop and Adobe
     Lightroom.

                                   AUTO            [6] White Balance              AWB (auto white balance)
                                   100                                            Sunny
                                   200                 e                          Cloudy
                                   400                                            Incandescent lamp
                                                         II

                                                       c

                                                          IDI

[7] Exposure Metering

I     · Spot

ffi  ·Center: The meter concentrates most on the center of the scene.

     · Average: Averages out the light levels for the entire image. This mode is used when the scene has no
       significant light difference.

     · Spot: Measures a small area in the center of the scene. This mode is used in a high contrast scene where
       the subject must be accurately exposed.

36 © 2015 OJ! All Rights Reserved
                                                                                           DJI VISION App Usage

[8] Exposure Compensation

                           -2.0(EV)  2.0(EV)
                                     1.7(EV)
B3                         -1.7(EV)  1.3(EV)
           '               -1.3(EV)  1.0(EV)
                           -1.0(EV)  0.7(EV)
                           -0.7(EV)  0.3(EV)
                           -0.3(EV)

                           O(EV)

[9] Sharpness     Standard                                             [10] Anti-flicker   Anti-flicker
                  Hard                                                                     50Hz
            1m!   Soft                                                            llJ!iil  60Hz
           lmiml                                                                  ll!i!m
           lmll                                                                   ID

[11] Restore Defaults

       Restores all default camera settings. Flight battery restart is needed to allow restoration to take effect.

[12] Format Micro-SO Card

       Format the Micro-SO card. All data stored in the Micro-SO card will be lost after formatting. Remember to backup
       before formatting.

 4AibumPage                                                                                                              )>

The DJI VISION App has an SD Card album and a Mobile Device Photo Album. Images and videos on the SD Card                0'
album can be synchronized to the Mobile Device Photo Album.                                                              c
                                                                                                                         3
S 00In the DJI VISION App, tap to enter into the SD Card album and tap to enter into Mobile Device Photo Album.
                                                                                                                         -u

                                                                                                                         ill

                                                                                                                         (()

                                                                                                                         CD

6 SD Card album is accessible when the mobile device is connected to Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi.

4.1 SD Card Album

Pictures stored in the camera are presented using Thumbnails.
Tap the corresponding thumbnail to view the picture.

[1] Photos and videos are listed and grouped by date.
[2] All photos and videos that have been synced to your mobile

   device are marked with 8 .

[3] Tap any thumbnail for single view mode. Tap a Photo thumbnail
     that hasn't been synchronized to the mobile device to view the
     photo. Swipe left or right to view the previous or next photo.
     Tap on a video thumbnail to play it and view the video length.
     A progress bar will appear at the bottom of the screen. Tap

   H to enter single synchronization mode to synchronize a

     single photo or video, or to synchronize and play a video at the
     same time.

                                                                        Figure 77                        37
                                                                       © 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved
DJI VISION App Usage

c~                    1/74                         ~'iLl

                 Figure 78                                     Figure 79

D[4] Tap the  button to enter multiple synchronization mode (as shown in the following diagram). Tap thumbnails to

aselect photos or videos to synchronize to your mobile device (selected thumbnails are marked with a tick). Select
one or more groups to be synchronized by checking the box before the group, then tap  to start synchronizing.
lEIDuring the synchronization process, users can tap
                                                          to cancel synchronization. Photos and videos that have

been synchronized to the mobile device will remain.

& Some mobile devices cannot support the synchronization of 1080i60 video files.

                                     . ...                [5]

Select a group        0 ODD~Tod1J6Pholos.2Vld001
                      DOD~~~
Select a single
photo or video               ....«

                      DODDQv.mns.y7Pholoa,lVIdeo
                      DODD
                      QOt:t.2013118Pho!as,8VIdeo~

                             II  ..  II            I

                            ..

                                 Figure 80                     Figure 81

[5] Tap "Cancel" or "Finished" to exit multiple synchronization mode and return to the SD Card page.

Connect camera data port to a PC via a Micro-USB cable to copy photos or videos on the SD card album from
the Micro-SO card to the PC conveniently.

4.2 Mobile Device Photo Album

                                                          13J C":":TID rk. ·

                                                                 J::J~E w

                                                                            T--t--Geo-tagged
                                                                       ...-.. locations

                                                                                          Figure 83

                                            [1] Browse all synchronized photos and videos in the album. Tap to view selected
                                                 photos or videos.

                                            [2] Photos and videos are displayed using thumbnails and sorted by capture time.
                                            [3] Pictures and videos are sorted by captured/recorded gao-tagged locations.

                         & Internet access is required for map downloads.

           Figure 82

38 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                  \,

                                                                                                  )

                                                                                                  DJI VISION App Usage

[4] Tap any thumbnail for single view; you can slide left or right to view the previous or next photo. Tap a video thumbnail
    to play a single video.

     ~I             47/54      C3:J

                                     Figure 84                           Figure 85

[5] Tap C3 to share your photos and videos to social networks.

     ~ Access to the Internet is required for photo and video sharing.

 5 News Page

View the latest DJI news. (Internet access is required.)

                 ~  News                                  C5J ReadMore

                                                          OJ! Spreading Wings 5900:                                           z
                                                          Create Anywhere
                                                                                                                              ""en'
                                                          ~Ausus\042014
                                                                                                                              -u
                                                          OJiiSproudtoannou!!cetheSprcadlng
                                                          Wir.gsS900,ourlatostaerialsystemfar                                 <"0'
                                                          !hoprolesshmalcraator.TheS900isa
                                                          distillaUonolourlatestlechnologyintoa                               "'
                                                          l~ghtweight,easytocarryplatformlts
                                                          strong,compactlmmeprovides                                          (/)
                                                          exceptoonalslab.lityinmostflight
                                                          condiltons,andltsnewpowardJStnbu~O!l                                "a':
                                                          ocardimprovesafficiencyandsalaty.Six
                                                          otourmostpowerfulmo\orsareattached                                   ::J
                                                          tothecarbcr>tiberarms,allowingatakooff
                                                          weightofupto8.2kg.Whentransporting,                                 <e0n
                                                          thearmsfolddownandlha\5-inch
                                                          propellersfoldin,reduclngspaoound                                   -u
                                                          maklngiteasytotakeanywhere.
                                                                                                                              <""0''
                                                                     Figure 87
                    Figure 86

6 Settings Page

                               ~I                         Settings                                r+;-1 Settings

                                                   [10] [15] CD
[1] [11] [16] a:::J
[2] [12] [17]
[3] [13] [18]

[4] [19]

                                                                         [20]

[5] [21]

[6] [14]

[7]                            Low Battery                           CD  [22]

[8] a:::J [23]

[9]                            Clear News Cache                          [24]

         Figure 88                                        Figure 89                                   Figure 90

                                                                         © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved           39
DJI VISION App Usage

[1] Toolbar Auto Hide

    Slide the switch from left to right to enable this function. Toolbar will auto hide on the camera page.

                     .. "'

                  Figure 91: Toolbar Auto Hide Disabled  Figure 92: Toolbar Auto Hide Enabled

[2] When Connection Breaks

~ When Connectton Breaks                               Stop Recording:
                                                       Enabled: Stop recording if the Wi-Fi connection between the
[Stop Recording  a=Jj                                  mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
                                                       recording.
stQprec:ordlngornotwhenll1econnectlonls                Disabled: Keeps recording if the Wi-Fi connection between
bloken while 1M camDnlls in recoollng state.           the mobile device and the camera breaks while the camera is
                                                       recording.
Start Recording
Start Continuous Capture                               Select the state the camera will enter in the event of a Wi-Fi
Staylnldle                                             Connection break between the mobile device and the camera.
                                                       Use this function to ensure your recording is uninterrupted
-·Whleh Illata the earner& will enterWhen the          during the flight.

~isbrokenwhil&thecameralalnldlil

          Figure 93

::J

<g [3] Camera Settings Display
~ iOS users will see an enabled item display in the camera settings toolbar and disabled items will be hidden.

ro This feature is not available on Android.

L~ Camera Settings D1sp!ay

                              Figure 94                                                       Figure 95

[4] Preview Quality                                    High: 640 x 480@30fps
                                                       Medium: 640 x 480@15fps
                        ~ Prevtew Quahty               Medium: 320 x 240@30fps
                                                       Low: 320 x 240@15fps (Recommended when there is a lot of interference.)
                                         640X48030fps
                                     640x48015fps
                                     320lc24030fps
                                    320x24015fps

                              Figure 96

40 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                        \
                                                                                        I

                                                                                      /

                                                                                      OJI VISION App Usage

[5] Parameter Unit                                              [14] Rotation Lock

     Select imperial or metric units of measurement.                   The user interface of the DJI VISION App will rotate
                                                                       if rotation lock is enabled (for iOS device only).
[6] Ground Station
                                                                [15] Low Battery Warning
     Slide to the right to enable ground station feature.
                                                                       If enabled, an alarm will sound when the battery
[7] Compass Calibration                                                level is too low.

     Tap to calibrate the compass. Do not calibrate the            & We recommended adjusting the mobile
     compass during flight.
                                                                              device volume to the highest level.
[8] Low Battery Auto Go Home
                                                                [16] Tutorial
     Enable or disable auto go home feature when battery
     is low.                                                           Hints and Tips

[9] Dynamic Home Point                                          [17] Clear News Cache

     When activated, the Home point will be reset to your              Tap to flush news cache.
     current position at specific time intervals. The aircraft
     will return to the latest Home point as required.          [18] Binding

[10] Current RTH Altitude                                              In the event that camera and Range Extender binding
                                                                       is lost or an item has been repaired or replaced,
       Default RTH altitude set to 20m. Raising the RTH                binding must be performed using the DJI VISION App.
       altitude above 120m is not recommended.                         Refer to Binding the Phantom 2 Vision+ and Range
                                                                       Extender (Page 21) for details.
[11] Battery History Info
                                                                [19] Rename Range Extender SSID
       Show the battery history warning records.
                                                                       Tap to rename the SSID of the Range Extender.
[12] GPS Signal Notice                                                 Refer to Rename Range Extender SSI D (Page 21)
                                                                       for details.
       If enabled, the DJI VISION App will display a pop-
       up tip when attempting to takeoff without a sufficient   [20] Upgrade Range Extender
       GPS signal.
                                                                       When upgraded, it is possible to use a mobile
[13] FPV Mode                                                          device's data network to access internet functions
                                                                       while connected to the Phantom.
       Switched on, the gimbal will work in FPV mode.                  This feature is not available on Android.
       Switched off, the gimbal will work in Stabilize mode.

[21] Find My PHANTOM 2 VISION

Phantom 2 Vision's --1----,-----~T
              location

[22] Account                                                      Figure 97

       Tap to see user account information.

[23] Rate

       Tap to rate the DJI VISION App. Internet access required.

'\}: Android App does not include rating.

[24] About

       Tap to see the current version of the DJI VISION App and contact information.

                                                                                      © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved  41
     DJI VISION App Usage

      7 Ground Station

     The OJI Vision app features an integrated ground station function. Using it you can create flight missions by placing
     waypoints and setting waypoint altitude and overall speed. When flight plan has been created, simply tap "GO" and
     your aircraft will execute the flight mission automatically. You may also abort the flight mission and bring aircraft home by
     activating "GoHome" feature.

     & Upgrade Phantom firmware to the latest version to enable ground station feature. Refer to "Firmware Upgrade of

             the Phantom 2 Vision+" (P46) for more information about how to upgrade the firmware.

     7.1 Ground Station GUI

                          [9] [11]
                                                                                                                                  [12]
                                                                                                                                  [13]
                                                                                                                                  [14]

                         [10] [15]

                                                                                                                                  [16]
                                                                                                                                  [17]

                                               Figure 99

Gl   [1] MODE                                                           Attitude and Radar display. Refer to [3] in "Using the
                                                                        DJI Vision app" for details.
0 Modes include
c                                                                   [8] Flight Parameters
     Hover: Hovering                                                    Flight information display. Refer to [4] in "Using the
::J                                                                     DJ I Vision app" for details.

Q.                                                                  [9] Back
                                                                        Return to camera GUI.
(/) Waypoint: Mission in progress
                                                                    [10] Home Point Locator
§: GoHome: Returning to home point                                        Locate your Home point.
a· Take off: Taking off

::J

     Landing: Landing

     GPS: GPS flight

     Atti.: Atti.flight

     Manual: Manual flight

     [2] Approximated Flight Mission Distance

     Planned mission distance. To achieve optimum battery           [11] Orientation Lock
     performance, max mission distance is 5km(3miles).                    Unlock to sync map orientation with aircraft movement.

     [3] Speed                                                      [12] Map View
         For flight safety concern, only three gears of                   Select map view from standard, hybrid or satellite.
         flight speed are available. Choose from Fast (8m/
         s), Mid(4m/s) and Slow (2m/s) for flight speeds.           [13] Waypoint
         Estimated 10 minutes flight is achievable when the               Tap each waypoint to set altitude.
         aircraft travels in "Fast" gear.
                                                                    [14] Delete
     [4] Wi-Fi Signal Strength                                            Delete current waypoint.
         Wi-Fi signal strength display. Refer to [5] in "Using the
         OJ I Vision App" for details.                              [15] Go Home
                                                                          Abort mission, return home and land.
     [5] Battery Level
         Battery level display. Refer to [6] in "Using the DJI      [16] Done
         Vision app" for details.                                         Hit "Done" then tap "GO" to begin mission.

     [6] GPS                                                        [17] Flight Area
         Number of satellites connected. Refer to [7] in "Using           The aircraft can fly in this area and return to the
         the DJI Vision app" for details.                                 home point with the current battery level. This area
                                                                          is dependent on the current state of the aircraft and
     [7] Flight Attitude and Radar                                        will be refreshed at specific time intervals.

     42 © 2015 OJI All Rig11ts Reserved
                      \

                                                                                                                         DJI VISION App Usage

7.2 Using Ground Station

Step 1 Launching Ground Station:
Enable ground station in the Settings section of the DJ I Vision app. A disclaimer for Ground Station will appear. Read
this thoroughly before using Ground Station.

                                    Figure 100

Ensure your mobile device has access to the Internet. Due to the map data required, Wi-Fi connection is recommended.                           GJ
Internet access is required to cache the ground station map, if Wi-Fi is unavailable, mobile data service is required. Open                    0c
the DJI Vision app camera GUI and swipe left to launch ground station(see Figure 101). DJI Vision app cannot connect
to your aircraft while it is accessing the Internet. Hence, you may prompt with the warning message such as "Connection                        ::0
to Phantom Failed" This message will not appear when your aircraft is re-connected to DJI Vision app. Map data of your                         Q.
current location will load. You can then drag the map to cache nearby areas for future use(see Figure 102).
                                                                                                                                               (/)
                .....
                                                                                                                                               §:

                                                                                                                                               6"

                                                                                                                                               ::0

Figure 101                                                                              Figure 102

Step 2 Setting a Waypoint:

Disconnect from the Internet and connect the DJI Vision app to your aircraft. Check that remote controller S1 switch is in

liill!l3IJI' position (position-1) and the upper left corner in ground station display  and wait for the aircraft to enter "Ready-

to-Fly" mode (LED indicator blinking green) before swiping left into ground station. Tap on the map to place a waypoint.

You can place up to 16 waypoints including the Home point. Waypoints cannot be placed beyond 500m from the Home

point or inside No Waypoint Areas.

Figure 103                                                                              Figure 104
                                                                                              © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                                              43
\                                              \

  i

                                                           J

DJI VISION App Usage

& ·A circle on the map, as shown in Figure 104, indicates a restricted, No Waypoint area. Waypoints cannot be

           placed in this area. For more information, refer to "6.2 Flight Restriction of Restricted Areas (P30)".
        · To achieve the optimal video transmission quality, the aircraft is set to operate within a 500m-radius area from

           Home point.

Tap on a waypoint to open a waypoint properties window. Slide the white dot right to adjust waypoint altitude. The
default altitude is set to 98 feet (30 m) and can be adjusted from 0 to 650 feet (200 m). Tap "OK" to save waypoint

settings. To delete current waypoint, tap limJ . Modify longitude and latitude value using the input box.

                                                              GO

                                               Figure 106

Step 3 Preview a Mission:
Tap "Done" to preview the mission when all waypoints are set. A prompt similar to the one below will appear.
This prompt lists all waypoints and their altitudes. The aircraft will fly to each waypoint listed. If there is a difference in
altitude between waypoints, the aircraft will adjust its altitude as it flies between points. When ready, tap "GO" to begin
mission.

& Aircraft reacts differently to the "GO" command:

       · If aircraft is on the ground, the aircraft takes off automatically and ascend 16 feet (5m) then fly to the first
         waypoint.

       · If aircraft is in the air, the aircraft flies to the first waypoint.

Step 4 Executing Flight Mission
The aircraft flies to each waypoint in numerical order. As it flies, swipe back into the OJI Vision app camera GUI to

Illcontrol camera tilt and capture photos or video. Tap to pause the mission during the flight, and aircraft will then start

ahovering. Tap to resume mission. If you wish to regain control of the aircraft, toggle the S1 switch on remote controller

from w (Position-1) to either ~ (Position-2) or ffi. (Position-3) to discontinue the current mission.

Step 5 Landing
When all waypoints have been visited, the aircraft will return to its Home point and hover. Regain control of the aircraft

and land it manually. You may also tap !,1 button to initiate "Go Home" procedure. Aircraft will abort current mission,

return to Home point and auto land. When the aircraft is landing automatically, users can control the aircraft's position
and altitude. Users can start the motors to take off immediately alter the motors have stopped following auto landing.

                                   Figure 107

44 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reservea
PC I MAC Assistant

For better use of the Phantom 2 Vision+, Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and Phantom RC Assistant are required. Both run
on Windows or Mac OS X operating systems.

 1 Installing Driver and Pha.ntom 2 Vision+ Assistant

1.1 Installing and Running on Windows

(1) Download the driver installer and Assistant installer (.EXE) from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to a PC using a Micro-USB cable.
(3) Run the driver installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(4) Run the Assistant installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.
(5) Double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon on your desktop to launch Assistant.

,& Supports Windows XP, Windows 7 and Windows 8 (32 or 64 bit).

1.2 Installing and Running on Mac OS X

(1) Download the Assistant installer (.DMG) format from the Phantom 2 Vision+ download page.
(2) Run the installer and follow the prompts to finish installation.

                                             c!JI

                               PT2, -+~~~

                                                                    -<==>

                                                                           Figure 108
(3) When launching for the first time, if using Launchpad to run the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant, Launchpad will not

     allow access because Assistant has not been reviewed by the Mac App Store.

 /'-'-.   "Phantom-" can't be opened buause ft Is
          from an unldentlfted de\l'elope:r.
i'~:~.
          UM t~Ut<ed ttw. f<it ~'t!Hf'Ja\' J.! .l-47 t'M

'.L'

          Figure 109

(4) Locate the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon in Finder, press Control then click the icon (or right-click the icon using a mouse).
     Choose Open from the shortcut menu, then click Open in the prompt dialog box to launch.

(5) After the first successful launch, double click the Phantom 2 Vision+ icon as normal to launch using Finder or
     Launchpad.

                      ---..,..,.,,...-

...431>~  ... ~ ...   --~

--~       -em.~

-~-~

          Figure 110

                                                          © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved  45
                        /

PC I MAC Assistant

         DMG installer supports Mac OS X 10.9 or above.
         Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant on Mac OS X and Windows are the same. Assistant pages shown in this manual_
         are from the Windows version.

 2 Using Assistant

The Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant is used to configure the flight control system and upgrade firmware. The Phantom RC
Assistant is used to configure the Remote Controller and upgrade its firmware.

2.1 Using the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant

                                      Figure 111

(1) Power on the PC and the Phantom 2 Vision+. Connect the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO
     NOT disconnect until configuration is finished.

(2) Run Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant and wait for the Phantom 2 Vision+ to connect. Watch the indicators-:@_-:@ on the

bottom of the screen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is -:IQl: and Data E;change
Indicator blinks c@: .                                                                       ...

(3) Choose [Basic] or.[Advanced] configuration pages.

(4) View and check the current configuration in the [View] page.

c                                                                 r - - - - - - - Function S'Mtch between Phantom
esn·                                                                                          and Naza-M working modo

co                                                                          r - - - - Language swap
)> View
oeenn;·                                                _,_,.,===--1--c____                   Account, software version

or                                                                                           Firmware upgrade

~                                     L...,,--------""""'----"""'--1- IMU calibration

                        ...--~-~
                        --~
=:::I-"-'-<-=Data Exchange Indicator                                                         · This image is for reference
                                                                                              only. Please refer to the
Computer Connection status---1-iliiiliil. . . . . . . . . . . .iiitiiiliiilliiiiiitiiiiiiil    actual user interface.

                                      Figure 112

& ·Do not enable Naza-M mode before finishing "Advanced Flight Maneuvers" in the "Phantom Pilot Training

          Guide".

       · Enable Phantom mode by tapping the same button if Naza-M mode is enabled. Once changed to Phantom
         working mode, all parameters will return to factory settings.

2.2 Firmware Upgrade of the Phantom 2 Vision+

(1) Click [Upgrade] icon to check the current firmware version and whether the installed firmware is the latest version. If
     not. click links to upgrade.

(2) Wait until the Assistant shows "finished". Click OK and power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+ after 5 seconds. Once
     complete, firmware is up to date.

46 © 2015 DJI All Rights Reserved
                                                                                                       \

                                                                                                       )

                                                                                                       PC I MAC Assistant

              Pt<M<TO·UYI.I.Oii+                                                            ~  · - l<

               ..~ oP (f'                            iil:i       i
                              "
                                                                 ~

   Firmware upgradable items - - - l f - - - ~

   Current firmware version - - 1 - - - - - - - - _ j

                                                                                                       · This image is for reference
                                                                                                        only. Please refer to the
                                                                                                        actual user interface.

                                                     Figure 113

   · An internet connection is required to upgrade the Phantom 2 Vision+ firmware.
   · DO NOT power off until the upgrade is finished.
   · If the firmware upgrade fails, the Flight Controller will enter a waiting for firmware upgrade status automatically.

    If this happens, repeat the above procedures.

~  Firmware upgradable items: (1)Fiight Controller (2)GPS (3)5.8G Receiver (4) Main Board (P330CB) (5)Battery (6)
~
   GimbaiiMU

2.3 Using the Phantom RC Assistant

Use the Phantom 2 Vision+ Assistant to install PHANTOM RC Assistant on your Windows PC or Mac, and then follow the
below steps to configure the Remote Controller.

                      l

     rL~

         ~-®·

                                                     Figure 114

(1) Turn off the Remote Controller and find its Micro-USB slot.

(2) Power on PC and Remote Controller then connect Remote Controller to the PC with a Micro-USB cable. DO NOT

disconnect until configuration is finished.

(3) Run the PHANTOM RC Assistant and wait for the Remote Controller to connect to Assistant. Watch the indicators

·®:-:@:on the bottom left of the screen. When connected successfully, the Computer Connection status is,@. and
D~t~ 'E:xchange Indicator blinks ·:l~j:-.
                                                                                                                      ··.

(4) Finish configuration in the [Main] page.

(5) Finish upgrade in the [Info] page if necessary.

                                                                                                       Language swap

   Main

              c_--1--~~-~~-~--~---f-- Firmware upgrade,
                                                                              Account, Software version
                                                ...---~
                                                                            ~.,.,
                                                ....-~-~
                                                                 ---~,.,
                                                ...~.            ~~,

    Data Exchange Indicator                                                                            'This image is for reference only.
                                                                                                        Please refer to the actual user
Computer Connection status:----JIIIil·················                                                   interface.
                                                                      Figure 115

                                                                                                       © 2015 DJI. All Rights Reserved     47
Appendix

 1 Rear LED Flight Indicator Status

Rear LED Flight Indicators                                   Normal status
                                                             Power On Self-Test
:Jifr.--:@.-:1$; ······(Red, Green, Yellow flashes in turn)  Warming Up
·Jtx-:if$!: ······(Green, Yellow flashes in turn)            Ready to Fly
'/fii: ······(Slow Green flashes)                            Ready to Fly (non-GPS)

·:r;tr ······(Slow Yellow flashes)

Rear LED Flight Indicators                                   Abnormal status

'¢:·······(Quick Yellow flashes)                             Remote Controller Signal Lost
                                                             Low Battery Level Warning
·WJ: ······(Slow Red flashes)

-:@.-······(Quick Red flashes)                               Critical Low Battery Level Warning

ctffr.: · · · · · ·(Three Red flashes off and on)            Not Stationary or Sensor Bias is too big
c!Ji!' ~(Solid red)                                          Error·
                                                             Compass Needs Calibration
:!!fi:-:1$; ······(Red, Yellow flashes in turn)

·You can learn more about error by connecting the Phantom 2 Vision+ to the Assistant

2 Speciifl~afions ·

 Aircraft                                                    DJ I 5200mAh Li-Po Battery
 Supported Battery                                           1242g
 Weight (Battery & Propellers included)                      :>1300g
 Recommend payload                                           1350g
 Maximum payload                                             Vertical: O.Bm; Horizontal: 2.5m
 Hovering Accuracy (Ready to Fly)                            200°IS
 Max Yaw Angular Velocity                                    35°
 Max Tillable Angle
                                                             Ascent: 6mls; Descent: 2mls
 Max Ascent I Descent Speed
                                                             15mls (Not Recommended)
 Max Flight Speed                                            350mm
 Motor Diagonal Length
 3-axial stabilized Gimbal                                   Static : 750mA; Dynamic : 900mA
 Working Current                                             ±0.03°
 Control Accuracy
 Controllable Range                                          Pitch : -90° - oo
 Maximum Angular Speed                                       Pitch : gooIs
 Camera
 Operating Environment Temperature                           ooc- 40°C
 Sensor Size
 Effective Pixels                                            112.3"
 Resolution                                                  14 Megapixels
 HD Recording                                                4384x3288
 Recording FOV                                               1080p30 11 080i60

48 © 2015 OJI All Rights Reserved                            110° I 85°
                                                                                                   0                                                                                   Appendix

Remote Controller                                                                                     5.728 GHz- 5.85 GHz
Operating Frequency                                                                                   CE Compliance: 400m; FCC Compliance: 800m
Communication Distance (open area)                                                                    -93dBm
Receiver Sensitivity {1%PER)                                                                          CE Compliance: 25mW; FCC Compliance: 100mW
Transmitting Power (EIRP)                                                                             120mA@3.7V
Working CurrenWoltage                                                                                 2000mAh rechargeable LiPo battery
Battery
Range Extender                                                                                        2412MHz- 2462MHz
Operating Frequency                                                                                   500m -700m
Communication Distance (open area)                                                                    20dBm
Transmitting Power                                                                                    2W
Power Consumption

3.1 How to solve large margin(s) mid-point error?                                                                                                                                                )>

If the Remote Controller stick(s) mid-point margin of error is too big, the motors will fail to start when you execute the                                                                       u
CSC and the Phantom will not take off. The below are some possible fixes for this.                                                                                                               u
(1) One of the Remote Controller's stick positions (except the throttle stick) is not centered when powering on the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 "'::J
     Phantom 2 Vision+.
     Solution: Place all Remote Controller sticks at their mid-point positions and then power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+                                                                        Qx·.
     to re-record the mid-point.
(2) The Remote Controller sticks have been trimmed, leading to a deviation in the mid-point position.
     Solution: Use Assistant to perform a Remote Controller calibration.
     a) Connect to Assistant, tap Basic -> RC -> Command Sticks Calibration and push all Remote Controller sticks

         through their complete travel range to see if any stick cannot reach its outermost position.
     b) Power cycle the Phantom 2 Vision+. Power cycling is required.
     c) Re-attempt Remote Controller calibration in Assistant.
If the above solutions do not solve your issue, please send your Remote Controller to DJ I Customer service for repair.

3.2 How to restore a video file if power is turned off during a recording session?

Solution: Keep or place the Micro-SO card back into the camera. Power cycle the camera and wait about 30 seconds for

the video file to be restored.                                                                        ·

3.3 Failure to acquire the SSID.

Solution: Double check whether both the camera and Range Extender are powered on and the power switch of the
camera is switched to "Wi-Fi ON."

3.4 What to do if Phantom 2 Vision+ is out of sight and the Wi-Fi connections is lost?

Solution: Turn off the Remote Controller to trigger the Failsafe mode and the aircraft will start to fly back, descend, and
land at the Home point. Please make sure there are no obstacles between the Phantom and the home point and that you
are familiar with the procedure for regaining control.

3.5 Wi-Fi connection fails all the time.

Solution: Double check the current Wi-Fi connection status of the mobile device. The mobile device may be connecting
to other Wi-Fi networks after a connection breaks with the Phantom 2 Vision+.

3.6 Files fail to synchronize.

Solution: Video files that are too large (file sizes close to 4GB) cannot be synchronized to the mobile device. Some
mobile devices do not support the synchronization of the 1080i60 video files.

                                                                                                         49© 2015 OJ I. All R1ghts Reserved
                                   \',

                                   )

     Appendix

     3.7 iOS Albums fail to synchronize.

     Solution: Reset the settings of your mobile device as illustrated below. Enable the Settings-> Private-> Photos-> OJI
     VISION. Otherwise Albums will fail to synchronize with your mobile device.

               Settings                           ~ Privacy                    {~  Photos

               C L : l[[IIAirplaneMode            a Locations Services   Oo >   Photos stored on your iPod touch may
                0WLAN Phantom_100cd9 )                                         contain other infonnation, such as when
                                                   ficontacts
                                                                                    and where the photo was taken
                                                   ._Calendars
               Ueluatooth                   Oo >                               ILFa DJI VISION  Ml;i\)j
                                                   [;}Reminders
               1!1 Do Not Disturb  CL:l                                        Apps that have requested access to your
               lfJ Notifications                   ~Photos                               photoswilappearhere.

                                                  0 Bluetooth Sharing

               iPJGeneral                         ~:]Twitter

               IJsounds                           IJ Facabook

               tfRj Brightness & Wallpaper        G): Sine Weibo

               IJ Privacy

               Figure 116                         Figure 117                       Figure 118

     3.8 Failure to share.

     Solution: Make sure your mobile device has access to the Internet.

     3.9 Some Android devices have a problem connecting to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi Extender.

     Solution: Some Android devices do not allow for both a Wi-Fi connection and a mobile data connection at the same time.

     When trying to connect to the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-Fi network, most devices will check whether an Internet connection

     has a certain Wi-Fi setting enabled, e.g. Auto network switch or Test for Internet connection. If no Internet connection

     is found because the Phantom 2 Vision+ creates a non-routable connection it will drop the Phantom 2 Vision+ Wi-

     Fi network connection and scan for the next available connection. Example: For the Samsung Note 3, carry out the

     following procedures to solve this issue. Tap Settings-> Wi-Fi, and then tap the "Menu" button. Select "Advanced"

     then uncheck the "Auto network switch". You might see a warning that indicates the Internet connection is unstable this

)>   message can be ignored.

u
u
CD   3.1 0 App tips for mobile devices.
::l

Qx·. Solution: If using the App on multiple mobile devices turn off the App on the first mobile device then turn it on the second

     one to ensure normal functions on the second mobile device.

     3.11 How to land the aircraft more smoothly?

     Solution: First pull the throttle stick position down to lower than 5%, then execute the CSC command to stop the motors.

     3.12 Why is the discharge time of a battery not zero when unused?

     Solution: A battery aging test is performed prior to delivery which affects the discharge time of the new battery. This is
     why the discharge time of a new battery is not zero. The battery is okay to use.

     3.13 Do I need extra hardware to utilize ground station?

     Solution: No extra hardware is required.

     3.14 Does ground station support caching map data offline?

     Solution: Yes, user can cache map data in ground station for future use.

     3.15 What if I accidently exit DJI Vision App in ground station mode_?

     If OJI Vision App is closed when aircraft is executing flight mission, aircraft continues with the remaining flight mission.
     If OJI Vision App is closed and failed to re-connect with aircraft within 1 minute, aircraft returns home point automatically.

     50 © 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved
The content is subject to change.                 a~

I IDownload the latest version from

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus

© 2015 OJ I. All Rights Reserved.
                                                                                                                 / SYSTEM Indicator

                                                                       Mobile Device---+-~              ~.I jj/ .tt--j-- POWER Indicator
                                                                       Holder
                                                                                                   ~~Lock-screw
                                                                       Left Dial         #57
                                                                                                                            ~Carrying

                                                                                                                                                  Handle

                                                                       Switch S2                                       Switch Sl
                                                                       Left Stick
                                                                                   I llltl r 11'1                      Right Stick                        ~

                                                                                                      1                J Neck Steep Attochmeota(
                                                                                                   ''" -

                                                                                                                 \ " Power LED

                                                                       Power Switch ---1-----1'                  = j f ,' Battery Level lndic

                                                                          RC Assistant/
                                                                          Charging Port
                                                                       (Micro-USB Port)

----------------------------------------------------------------.I ----------------------------------------------------------------

                                            _,.-..;;------- Propeller

+)) J                                       .ood · 1 Motor

                            ------ ( ( ( 4  ) Front Sticker

       ~DII&M1i'©~          ~ __.----       FrontLED                              Rear LED Flight Indicator ~

----t----11+-\'--·-----. ~

~~ ·' §~~                                   Vib;,tloo Ab·ocbec
       ·1
                            1               Come" LED lodlcotoc

                                            Ant1-drop K1t

                                                                       Micro-SD Slot          Receiver Antenna -1--1¥

       ,..__j-----____lf---+-------- 3-axial Stabilized Gimbal

                            ~ Camera Lens                                                          Landing Gear
·Ius/training                                                       rJ Preparing Phantom 2 Vision +                                                                                             IJ Preparing Remote C

ooogle Play. Download,                                                                · Remove the gimbal clamp, the lens cap and the four warning cards from motors.                                             · Twist the Mobile Device Holder to face outwE
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  · Be sure Sl and S2 are switched to the upper
!]~(!]                                                                                · Screw the propellers, clockwise for grey nuts and anti-clockwise for black nuts, onto the four
                                                                                         motors. Be sure to match the black propeller nuts with the black dot motors.                                                 right to power on the Remote Control. The
f~                                                                                                                                                                                                                    functioning. The Battery Level Indicators displ
                                                                                      · Make sure your Smart Flight Battery and Micro-SO card are inserted correctly.
b~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              52
                                                 Tutorials
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Q

tender and Remote Control are fully charged.**

~the disclaimer and manuals thoroughly before                                                                                                                                                                                                       liiiD ~
hantom 2 Vision+. It is compatible with iOS and                                                                                                                                                                                                     ~
er manual for charging.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        .0~
Flight Battery
                                                                                                                                                                                                A Important: A red blinking and a continuous beep.  m th,

                                                                      A Important: Remove gimbal clamp before powering on.                                                                      Recharge the Battery when there is only one LE[

                                                                    1=7 Powering on Range Extender/Linking Camera                                                                               riJ Calibrating Compass

press again and hold                                                · Toggle power switch to ON position. SYSTEM Indicator will blink green to show normal operation.                                             · Always calibrate compass before your flight.
3attery.
                                                                    · Enable Wi-Fi on your mobile device then select Phantom_XXXXXX from Wi-Fi network list.                                                      · Step]:
te flight status:                                                                                                                                                                                                    To enter calibration mode, flip Sl switch rapidly fr·
                                                                    · Tap CAMERA icon in the DJI VISION App for a live camera view to ensure the camera is linked, then                                              or until Rear LED Flight Indicators turn solid yello
                                                                      clip your mobile device into the Mobile Device Holder.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  · Step 2:
lost.     ,....-c \\\\\\-------/·~.··-===---~-=                                                                                                                                                                      Hold Phantom horizontally then rotate
warning.  ;~,-~----~~-                                      ~                                                                                                                                                        360oaround the center axis until Rear LED
          ··. ·1..                                                                                                                                                                                                   Flight Indicators go green.
                                                            /11/11                ON ~
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  · Step3:
                   _..,.c._          I/                     I                                                   '"~                                                                                                  Hold aircraft vertically with nose pointing to the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ground, rotate 360' around the center axis
                                                                                                                                <;>                                                                                  until Rear LED Flight Indicators resume nnrrnal
                                                                                                                ~                                                                                                    blinking patterns.

1ttery leveL                                                        A Important:      If the POWER indicator is red, this means battery level is low. Charge your Range Extender by                               · If Rear LED Flight Indicators blink red c
~d or user manual                                                                     Micro-USB cable.                                                                                                               yellow, calibration has failed. Re·calibrate by
                                                                                  2. Only 1f both Range Extender and Smart Flight Battery are powered on, you will be able to link the camera.                       repeating Step 1·3 until normal blinking begins.

tings                        ·· Nose pointing direction             BJ Taking off (Outdoors)                                                                                                    IJ Landing (Outdoors)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  · Pull down the throttle stick to descend. The sti
le 2 (left hand controls throttle).                                 · Place the Phantom 2 Vision+ on flat ground in an open space with Rear LED Flight Indicators facing you.                                         descend steadily.
                                                                    · Power on the Remote Control, the Range Extender and the Smart Flight Battery mounted in Phantom 2                                            · When landing on the ground, pull both sticks to
          Right stick                                                                                                                                                                                              · Press the circular power button once, then press
                                                                      Vision+. Make sure that the DJ I VISION App is working properly.                                                                                the Smart Flight Battery. Turn off the Remote Cc
                                                                    · Start motors by pulling both control sticks to the bottom corners. Release sticks once motors start.
                                                                    · Wait until Rear LED Flight Indicators go from a slow yellow blinking to a slow green, indicating GPS locked.

                                                                    · Slowly push the left (throttle) stick up to take off.

          ~                          ft~·~                                          Start motors I Stop motors  ~ ~~

                                                                                  ~~
PHANTOM PILOT TRAINING GUIDE
         Earning Your Stripes Vl.l

                                            Learn tvlore: www.dji.com
& CAUTION

This product is not suitable for people under the age of 18. Please carefully read the

"Quick Start Guide", "User Manual", "Disclaimer", and fully watch the tutorial videos

before using the PHANTOM. Users should make every effort to fly regularly in order to
***) .improve their flight skills as an advanced level pilot (
                                                                Please fly safely and

responsibly.

Please follow these guidelines prior to flying your Phantom:

Q Always turn on the Remote Controller prior to turning on the Phantom.

@Toggle Sl, S2 to the top.

@ Be sure there are no distractions when you're flying.
C) When starting your training, be sure you are in a very large open area. Be aware of your

    surroundings. Always fly in areas void of obstacles and away from traffic and people.
~ Before actually taking off, be sure you have calibrated the compass and you have full

    GPS satellite reception (Slow Continuous Green Flashing).

0 Never fly higher than 400 feet.
fl During training, stay behind your imaginary barrier and never fly behind yourself.

@ When in doubt, gently pull down on the throttle stick and land.
f) DO NOT PANIC.

The aircraft nose should face AWAY                              Nose
from the pilot before takeoff.                                  Tail

                                    CAUTION

DO NOT fly the Phantom within a     FORBIDDEN
radius of 2 meters.
                                    ®
DO NOT touch the propellers after
the Phantom has been started.        NO TOUCH
*)Basic Flight Maneuvers (                                  0

a Take off and land with battery facing you.

     ·

   ..

        Hover in one spot keeping battery facing you, make
        sure to control Left/Right/Forward/Back movement.

Rotate left, rotate right but try to keep the battery
pointed at yourself.
*)Basic Flight Maneuvers (                                     0

        Slowly fly forward/back/left/right with back of
        Phantom pointed at yourself.

Fly forward to a spot 20-30 feet away.
Then fly back keeping the battery pointed at yourself.

Mark a spot (B) on the ground lOft away from the Phantom's
take off point. Hover and fly towards that spot and land at
the spot (B). Then go back into a hover and bring the Phantom
back to its original position (A) and land again.

\

...\ \
  \\

    \\

      \\

   \
   ""\~ \  \
             \

           \\

           ~-e-A
*)Basic Flight Maneuvers (

a Fly left 3 meters away from your take-off point, then fly right
        lOft from your take-off point all while keeping battery
        pointed at yourself.

3 meters       3 meters

Then, while keeping the aircraft nose pointed forward,
fly a 4 point square box formation going clockwise.
Be sure to be in control and stop and hover in place
at each point before proceeding to the next point.

--< _______ _. ______~'~:_. ( I~ ~~...''''-----~-----'@~
       .....

Do the same as above but fly the 4 point box formation
counter-clockwise. Be sure to be in control and stop
and hover in place at each point before proceeding
to the next point.

               _____ _,.,_____~

            I

'''  I''''

I                                   ~

' I '- \

 -----------~----------·
**)Skilled Flight Maneuvers (

D In a hover, starting with the battery pointed at yourself,
        rotate 360 degrees clockwise.

In a hover, starting with the battery pointed at yourself,
rotate 360 degrees counter-clockwise.

Starting with the battery pointed at yourself, go into a hover.
Then rotate the Phantom 90 degrees facing left, and fly a 4
point square box formation going clockwise. Be sure to be in
control and stop and hover in place at each point before
proceeding to the next point.

            .,_--- -.------
            I\

            I\

   I\

--i'-';;~-                   ''''''\

-~ -z;. ,

  ,.j >\\h

I

I\

~----------~----------~
**)Skilled Flight Maneuvers (

Starting with the battery pointed at yourself, go into a hover.

Then rotate the Phantom 90 degrees facing right, and fly a 4

point square box formation going counter-clockwise.

Be sure to be in control and stop and hover in place at ~ach

point before proceeding to the next point.

-,ar·
  ,,,,,,----- ..,._--

 r

I

    ,..._______  \\·

                                                  \

                 __________\ \_

With the battery pointed at yourself, fly a circle. Try to
keep the altitude and also the circle as uniform as possible.

Hover with the aircraft nose pointed at yourself and try
to keep the Phantom in one place.
 ***)Advanced Flight Maneuvers (

'

D  Fly a circle and keep the aircraft nose pointed towards you.
   Be sure to keep the altitude the same and the circle as
   uniform as possible.

      ...... ------------

   Fly a 4 point square box clockwise while keeping the aircraft
   nose facing in your direction.

      -----~- - - - -~

                                 I'

 ,:'~': I ~''

-,-'e--------...----------,-

El Fly a 4 point square box counter-clockwise while keeping
         the aircraft nose facing in your direction.

   ri
             -----~-----"'
       ,'I '
                                                                            \\.

   / ,' '-~ ::':z;:~+' ~

   I t\

   -·I                                           '  ~

   ~.-                                           -
   -  -  --  -  -  _.,......--  -  -  -·_  -  -
<* * *)Advanced Flight Maneuvers

D Fly a 4 point square box clockwise and rotate the

       phantom in the direction of travel.

-~'?![{~,;,----~- --- -~' '

                     ~

,,, ------~---------'''-''·

g Fly a circle counter-clockwise and keep the aircraft

        nose pointed in the direction of travel. Be sure to keep

       the altitude the same and the circle as uniform as possible.

~-----------------                                                   <!D

    ...

r:J Fly a circle counter-clockwise with the aircraft nose

       pointed at the center of the circle. Be sure to keep
       the altitude the same and the circle as uniform as
       possible.

                             ,'

~ ~~~

  -----~---------
<* * *)Advanced Flight Maneuvers

         Fly a figure 8 without rotating the Phantom. Be sure to keep
        the altitude the same and the circle as uniform as possible.

         Fly a Figure 8 with the aircraft nose of the Phantom
        pointed in the direction of travel. Be sure to keep the
        altitude the same and the circle as uniform as possible.

         ' ...'J............ ~~~...._ _____ _- ......... *"

         Fly Figure 8 patterns while experimenting with different orientations.
         For example, aircraft nose always pointed in a given direction or
        opposite/left/right the direction of travel, etc. Be sure to keep the
        altitude thesame and the circle as uniform as possible.

                                   .
     ~. -~''~~~~~~-...._ ___________ _
Emergency Situations

D  Return Home & Land Mode

   Be sure you are in a large open area. Before you take off,
   make sure you have a good GPS lock by ensuring your LED
   indicators are flashing Green. Fly the Phantom at least 50ft
   away from your take off point. Turn off the Remote Controller.
   The Phantom will enter it's failsafe Return-To-Home Mode.
   Let the Phantom finish it's routine and land itself within 2 meters
   of the take off point.

   ------~----------1

                        l

   15 meters          ·

   Intercepting Return Home & Land Mode

   Be sure you are in a large open area. Before you take off, make
   sure you have a good GPS lock by ensuring your LED indicators
   are flashing Green. Fly the Phantom 50ft away from your take
   off point. Turn off the Remote Controller. The Phantom will
   enter it's failsafe Return-To-Home Mode. When the Phantom
   is returning home, you can intercept RTH Mode by switching
   the Sl Switch from the top position to the middle or lower
   position, then continue flying the Phantom.

   ." - . ...... - " . . -

                      '
                      ·
   15 meters
             www.dji.com

Copyright2014 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
SMART FLIGHT BATTERY

Safety Guidelines

SMART FLIGHT BATTERIE

Nutzungshinweise

BATTERIES INTELLIGENTES

Guide d'Utilisation

~f:THBH~fll!

~~{~fflj:§~l

-::( Jlr7- ::J -:1~ - ~)i!J

~~1~ffl /51" ~'

[v1.o) 2o14.o1
Battery Use                                              Charging the Battery
· Never use non-DJI batteries. Go to www.DJI.            · Batteries must be charged using a DJI approved

  com to purchase new batteries. DJI takes no              adapter. OJ I takes no responsibility if the battery
  responsibility for any accidents caused by non-          is charged using a non-DJ I charger. Never leave
  DJI batteries.                                           the battery unattended during charging. Do not
· Never use or charge a swollen, leaky or damaged          charge the battery near flammable materials or
  battery. If so, contact DJI or its designated dealers    on flammable surfaces such as carpet or wood.
  for further assistance.                                · Do not charge battery immediately after flight,
· Do NOT install the battery into the battery              because the battery temperature may be too
  compartment on the Phantom when turned on.               high. Do not charge the battery until it cools
  Turn off the battery before installing it or removing    down to near roorn temperature. Charging
  it from the Phantom. Never install or remove the         battery outside of the temperature range of
  battery from the Phantom when it is turned on.           0°C-40°C may lead to leakage, overheating, or
· The battery should be used in temperatures frorn         battery damage.
  -20°C to 40°C. Use of the battery above 50°C           · Charge and discharge the battery completely
  can lead to a fire or explosion. Use of battery          once every 20 charge/discharge cycles.
  below -20°C can lead to permanent damage.                Discharge the battery until there is less than
· Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic           8% power or until it can no longer be turned
  or electromagnetic environments. Otherwise,              on, then recharge it to the maximum capacity.
  the battery control board may malfunction                This power cycling procedure will optimize the
  and a serious accident may happen during                 battery life.
  flight.
· Never disassemble or pierce the battery in any         Battery Storage
  way, or the battery may catch fire or explode.         · Do not leave the battery near heat sources such as
· Electrolytes in the battery are highly corrosive. If
  any electrolytes splash onto your skin or eyes,           a furnace or heater. The ideal storage temperature
  immediately wash the affected area with fresh             is 0°C-21°C.
  running water for at least 15 minutes then see a       · Keep the battery dry. Never drop the battery into
  doctor immediately.                                      water.
· Check the condition of the battery if it falls out     · Do not drop, strike, impale, or manually short-
  of the Phantom. Make sure the battery is NOT             circuit the battery.
  damaged or leaking before putting it back to the       · Keep the battery away from metal objects such
  Phantom.                                                 as necklaces and hairpins.
· Land the Phantom immediately when the                  · Discharge the battery to 30%-50% of the battery
  low battery level warning activates in the DJI            level if it will not be used for 7 days or more. This
  VISION App.                                               can greatly extend the battery life.
· Do not drop the battery into water. If the inside
  of the battery comes into contact with water,          Battery Disposal
  chemical decomposition may occur, potentially          · Dispose of the battery into specific recycling
  resulting the battery catching on fire, and may
  even lead to an explosion. If the battery falls into      boxes only after a complete discharge. Do
  water with the Phantom during flight, take it out         not place the battery into regular rubbish bins.
  immediately and put it in a safe and open area.           Strictly follow your local disposal and recycling
  Maintain a far distance from the battery until it         regulations of batteries.
  is completely dry. Never use the battery again,        · If the power on/off button of the smart battery
  and dispose of the battery properly as described          is disabled and the battery cannot be fully
  in Battery Disposal below.                                discharged, please contact a professional
· Put out any battery fire using sand or a dry              battery disposal/recycling agent for further
   powder fire extinguisher. Never use water to put         assistance.
  out a battery fire.
                                                         Batterienutzung
                                                         · Benutzen Sie ausschlieBiich originale DJI
  Batterien. Gehen Sie auf www.DJI.com, urn                offene Umgebung. Hdlten Sie graBen Abstand
  neue Batterien zu erwerben. Fur Schaden, die             zu der Batterie bis diese komplett getrocknet
  durch die Verwendung von Nicht-Originalteilen            ist. Benutzen Sie die Batterie niemals emeut
  und Zubehor entstehen, ist jedwede Haftung               und entsorgen Sie die Batterie sachgerecht,
  des Herstellers ausgeschlossen.                          wie unten in dem Kapitel Entsorgen der
· Benutzen oder Laden Sie niemals eine                     Flugbatterie beschrieben.
  angeschwollene, undichte oder beschadigte              · Loschen Sie jeden Batteriebrand mit Hilfe von
  Batterie. Kontaktieren Sie gegebenenfalls DJI            Sand oder einem Pulverloscher. Loschen Sie
  oder unsere ausgewiesenen Handler fUr weitere            einen Batteriebrand niemals mit Wasser.
  lnformationen.
· Setzen Sie NIEMALS die Batterie in das                 Aufladen der Flugbatterie
  Batteriefach des Phantom ein, wahrend die              · Batterien mussen mit einem von DJI zugelassenen
  Batterie eingeschaltet ist. Schalten Sie die Batterie
  aus, bevor Sie diese in das Batteriefach einsetzen       Adapter geladen werden. DJI ubernimmt keine
  oder vom Phantom entfernen. Setzen Sie niemals           Haftung fur Batterien, die mit einem nicht
  die Batterie ins Batteriefach ein oder entfemen          von DJI autorisierten Ladegerat geladen
  sie, wenn diese eingeschaltet ist.                       wurden. Lassen Sie die Batterie wahrend
· Die Batterie sollte nur in einem Temperaturbereich       des Ladevorgangs niemals unbeaufsichtigt.
  von -20°C bis 40°C benutzt werden. Der Gebrauch          Laden Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nahe von
  der Batterie bei uber 50°C kann zu Feuer oder            entflammbaren Materialien oder Oberflachen
  einer Explosion fuhren. Die Verwendung bei unter         wie Teppich oder Holz.
  -20°C kann zu dauerhaften Schaden fuhren.              · Laden Sie die Batterie nicht direkt nach dem
· Verwenden Sie die Batterie nie in starken                Flug, die Temperatur der Batterie k6nnte zu
  elektrostatischen oder elektromagnetischen               hoch sein. Laden Sie die Batterie erst, sobald
  Urnfelden. Das Batterie Control Board konnte             sie auf mindestens Raumtemperatur abgekuhlt
  versagen und ein schwerer Unfall wahrend des             ist. Das Laden der Batterie auBerhalb des
  Fluges passieren.
· Bauen Sie die Batterie niemals auseinander oder         Temperaturbereichs von oac - 40°C kann zu
  durchbohren Sie diese, die Batterie konnte Feuer
  fangen oder explodieren.                                 Auslaufen, Uberhitzen oder einem Schaden an
· Die Akkurnulatorsaure in der Batterie ist stark          der Batterie fUhren.
  korrosiv. Saurespritzer im Auge oder auf der           · Laden und Entladen Sie die Batterie einmal
  Haut sofort unter frischern, laufenden Wasser aus-       vollstandig aile 20 Lade-/Entladevorgange.
  bzw. abspulen und anschlieBend sofort einen Arzt         Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf unter 8% bis
  aufsuchen.                                               sie nicht mehr eingeschaltet werden kann,
· Uberprufen Sie den Zustand der Batterie, falls            dann laden Sie diese bis zum Maximum ihrer
  diese aus dern Phantom herausfallt. Stellen Sie           Kapazitat auf. Das beschriebene Verfahren
  sicher, dass die Batterie NIGHT beschadigt ist            optimiert die Lebensdauer lhrer Batterie.
  oder auslauft, bevor Sie diese zuruck in den
  Phantom stecken.                                       Lagerung der Flugbatterie
· Landen Sie den Phantom urngehend, sobald               · Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht in der Nahe von
  die Batteriewarnung in lhrer DJI VISION App
  erscheint.                                                Hitzequellen wie einem Ofen oder Heizk6rper. Die
· Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
  fallen. Wenn das lnnere der Batterie mit Wasser          ideale Lagerungstemperatur liegt zwischen oac -
  in Kontakt kommt, konnte eine chemische
  Zersetzung ausgelost werden, durch die die                21°C.
   Batterie moglicherweise Feuer fangt oder              · Die Batterie ist sauber und trocken zu lagern.
   sogar explodiert. Falls die Batterie wahrend
   des Fluges mit dem Phantom in Wasser fallt,              Lassen Sie die Batterie niemals in Wasser
   entfernen Sie diese unverzuglich aus dem                 fallen.
   Fluggerat und legen diese in eine sichere und         · Lassen Sie die Batterie nicht fallen, spieBen Sie
                                                            diese nicht auf, schlieBen Sie sie nicht manuel!
fJ                                                          kurz und wirken Sie nicht mit Gewalt auf die
                                                            Batterie ein.
                                                         · Halten Sie die Batterie fern von Metallobjekten
                                                            wie Ketten und Haarnadeln.
                                                         · Entladen Sie die Batterie bis auf 30% - 50%, falls
                                                            Sie diese fUr 7 Tage oder Ianger nicht benutzen.
  Dies kann die Lebensdauer lhrer Batterie stark                                                 j
  verlangern.
                                                           yeux, rincez immeddtement Ia zone affectee
Entsorgung der Flugbatterie                                a l'eau fraiche courante pendant au moins
· Entsorgen Sie die Battterie, nur nachdern                15 minutes puis consultez immediatement un
                                                           docteur.
  Sie kornplett entladen wurde, in speziellen            · Verifiez l'etat de Ia batterie si elle tombe du
  Recycling Tannen. Werfen Sie die Batterie                Phantom. Verifiez que Ia batterie n'est PAS
  nicht in die normale Mulltonne. Beachten                 endommagee ou suintante avant de Ia remettre
  und befolgen Sie unbedingt die komrnunalen               dans le Phantom.
  Entsorgungs- und Recyclingvorschriften fUr             · Faites atterrir le Phantom irnmediatement des
  Batterien.                                               que l'alerte de faible batterie se declenche
· Falls der On/Off Knopf der Batterie nicht                dans I'App DJI VISION.
  funktioniert und die Batterie nicht vollstandig        · N'immergez pas Ia batterie. Si l'interieur de
  entladen werden kann, kontaktieren Sie                   Ia batterie entre en contact avec de l'eau une
  bitte eine professionelle Entsorgungs-/                  reaction chimique peut se produire, resultant
  Recyclingfirma.                                          potentiellement en un incendie ou meme en
                                                           !'explosion de Ia batterie. Si Ia batterie tombe
Utilisation de Ia Batterie                                 a l'eau avec le Phantom lors d'un vol retirez-
· N'utilisez jamais de batterie autre que d'origine.       la immediatement et rnettez-la a l'abri dans
                                                           un endroit securise et ouvert. Restez a bonne
  Rendez-vous sur www.DJI.com pour acheter                 distance de Ia batterie jusqu'a ce qu'elle soit
  de nouvelles batteries. La responsabilite                entierement seche. Ne Ia reutilisez jamais et
  de DJ I ne pourrait etre engagee pour tout               deposez-la correctement cornme decrit plus
  accident resultant de !'utilisation de batteries         bas dans le paragraphe sur le Recyclage des
  non-DJI.                                                 Batteries. Eteignez une batterie en flammes
· N'utilisez ni ne chargez jamais de batterie              en utilisant du sable ou un extincteur a poudre
  deformee, qui suinte ou qui est endommagee.              seche. N'utilisez jamais d'eau pour eteindre une
  Si vous constatez un probleme contactez                  batterie en feu.
  DJI ou ses revendeurs agrees pour recevoir
  !'assistance necessaire.                               Charge de Ia Batterie
· N'installez PAS Ia batterie dans le compartiment       · Les batteries doivent etre chargees a !'aide d'un
  du Phantom si elle est allumee. Eteignez Ia
  batterie avant de !'installer ou de Ia retirer du        chargeur approuve par DJI. La responsabilite
  Phantom. N'installez ou ne retirez jarnais Ia            de DJI ne peut etre engagee si Ia batterie est
  batterie du Phantom lorsqu'il est allume.                chargee avec un autre chargeur que celui
· La batterie peut etre utilisee sous des                  propose par DJI. Ne laissez jamais Ia batterie
  temperatures allant de -20°C a 40°C. Utiliser            sans surveillance durant Ia charge. Ne chargez
                                                           pas Ia batterie pres d'une source de chaleur,
 Ia batterie au-dela de sooc peut causer un                d'un materiau inflammable ou sur une surface
                                                           inflammable comme un tapis ou du parquet.
  incendie ou une explosion. L'utiliser en dec;;a de    .· Ne chargez pas votre batterie immediatement
  -20°C peut causer un domrnage irreparable a              apres un vol car Ia temperature pourrait etre
  Ia batterie.                                             trop elevee. Ne chargez Ia batterie que lorsque
· N'utilisez pas Ia batterie dans un environnement         celle-ci aura atteint Ia temperature ambiante.
  electrostatique ou electromagnetique important.          Charger Ia batterie hors de Ia plage de
  Sinon, !'unite de contr61e de Ia batterie pourrait
  mal fonctionner et un serieux accident pourrait         temperature comprise entre ooc et ooc peut
  survenir pendant le vol.
· Ne desassemblez ou ne percez jamais Ia batterie          entrainer une fuite, une surchauffe ou une
  d'aucune maniere, ou celle-ci pourrait prendre           panne de Ia batterie.
  feu ou exploser.                                       · Chargez et dechargez completement Ia batterie
· L'electrolyte dans Ia batterie est tres corrosif. Si     tous les cycles de 20 charges/decharges.
  de !'electrolyte eclabousse votre peau ou vos            Dechargez Ia batterie jusqu'a ce qu'il reste
                                                           moins de 8% de charge ou jusqu'a ce que
                                                           Ia batterie ne puisse plus etre allumee puis
                                                           rechargez-la jusqu'a sa capacite maximale.
  Cette procedure de charge cyclique optimisera           1'13il:Bf*J:P~.&~~JR., '<.J~c1'T~.&~Fmi!&~~o
  Ia dun~e de vie de votre batterie.
                                                         · ~l.t~)H1DJ1.JrtJ:R=m~§)Gffl92fUt~12tWUli£Z1'13itBo
Stockage des Batteries                                     ~mu, ~si~Egil:B~>'<ftf~m~'F o
· Ne laissez jamais Ia batterie pres d'une source
                                                         · 1'13itBPlg~;~12t~5~~t~:ti o ~D~it!t~, i~~~ o
  de chaleur comme un radiateur ou un poHe.                ~D~iNM"J~UA12t$:~§)G:Jtf~~B~~, i~:s'z:!l.Pffli~
  La temperature ideale de stockage est de ooc             7.!<./rJ:li5t~0> 15 BicJl, fi::s'z:fl.P~Jt~ o
  -21°C.
· Maintenez Ia batterie bien seche. Ne l'immergez        · :51'13itBfA.'61'T~'f:if.:¥~' ¥ij/J;:fffflWJ' ~£,lifjj
  jamais dans un liquide.                                  1*1'13ii:B9~x.al5t:t.W, 5t&m, 5ti~~~i'DJ~o
· Ne faites pas tomber ni ne cognez Ia batterie, ne
  Ia percez pas, ne provoquez pas volontairement         · :EctJLittJ\1'13ii1E£J:~r.Hirt, m~t~<:~~~fi:~
  de court-circuit sur Ia batterie.
· Gardez Ia batterie eloignee de petits objets             .Lt'61'T, ~J:~~fi'1'13ii:B§)G:Jtfx1Egil:Bitt1'T1tEg o

 ametalliques tels que des epingles cheveux, des         · i~~~~EgjtJ3)~A7.J<9:rgJG~~:1"t~)illlo Eg)t!3p;J:g~j:~
                                                           m~£~U7.!<.o:r~g~.&~Bm~&m, si.&Egil:B§~?!.\,
  trombones, des petits bijoux.                            :lfr~PJ~g l.&ri~'F o ~o~Eg)tJ3tE Phantom '61'T
· Dechargez Ia batterie aux alentours de 30%-50%           i1f~'f:I§)G:1"t'8·~~~5tT:W-9~~A7.!<.'f:i, i~:s'z:!l.Pf&
                                                           t:l:l 1'13i!B31=~~:1"t]![:Y~:i:B~7fli@ IX±E!, ~B1$~
  de son niveau de charge si vous ne l'utilisez pas         ~ 1'13i!B]l[~Eg)tB~:i:BJil-To BJil-TB~i:l3itB/f1~:fij
  pendant une semaine au plus. Ceci augmentera             /}:fiEF§' $i~~~~*)Z:~~~1.J)!~~P.tflo
  de maniere consequente Ia duree de vie de
  votre batterie.                                        · :fiEgii:B.&~~>'<, $:s'z:!l.P*ffl "~,!@,)!<>'<)!" ,
                                                           ~fiem~~§)G~~§)G-T~Y<>'<~ittfiY<>'<o
Recyclage des Batteries                                    JIE~FF.J7.J<*Y<>'<o
· Mettez votre batterie dans une boite de recyclage
                                                         :lei@
  adaptee uniquement apres l'avoir completement
  dechargee. Ne mettez pas votre batterie avec           · ~~gEg;l:B£,~llifiEm DJI '§1.Jt£f~~~m:ttEg~
  les ordures menageres. Suivez scrupuleusement            §)G$$Ji;JtEg~itJ:1'TJti:l3o x1'T1fffl~~ DJI '@.'1.1
  les consignes locales precises en matiere de             t£1~B~Jti:l3~itt1'TJtEgpJT@JJX;8~-tJJ,f§'~, DJI
  recyclage des piles et batteries.
· Si le bouton ON/OFF de Ia batterie intelligente          ~~/f::f:!Xt~o
  est inoperant et que Ia batterie ne peut etre          · i~!¥i':W.Jti:13i1f~~)BJJ.&~:W-9~ o Jti:I3B1i~~~Eg
  completement dechargee, veuillez s'il vous plait
  contacter un Professionnel du recyclage afin             itBtDJti'I3~J])[]![i±7.J<.i~±tB[§l~~ml5t$]:l?!.\, PI
  d'obtenir !'assistance necessaire.
                                                           :l?!.\WJB~±!Bffil o
{ijij                                                    · ~lti±'61'T~'61'T~:5R, :s:z:~Ux11'13i!Bitt1'T1t
· F~fiem~~:*:~'§1.JJ=£f~~Eg)!Bo :iiD~~j:~,
                                                            1'13o JltB'.J"' 1'13)tBP..t'f'~)_g~];:~' S~ffiiJJtEg~)('.J"
  i~~U:*:~I'§IXXJ~i~ o ~ffffl~~:*:~I'§F.Jt£1~8~             1'13i!B71¥ifri§JJX:FmJ:.w~ 0 ~W1~1'13i!BB~~~;.iifr,
   Egji:BffiJ51.&8~1'13jtB~i!i)[, '61'J'i!i)[~*' *~~~/f    ¥ijx11'13ii:Bittfi1tl'l3 o II1Jt8~Jti:I3I:f~ ( 0-40°C )
                                                           PJ:*:~i'li&~*Egil:B8~1fffl71¥® o
·F~fiemH~~,-~~,~··m~Eg~o                                 ·1'13~-~ct~~~Jt~Eg,f§',~~ittfi-~
   ~D~~)...t·~;]t,&~, i~IIH;;:*:~I§)G:Jtf:1"tJ:i§~1t        ~~~~EgiDJtEgj1~(~Eg~Jt~Eg,~,f§'
  Il~f;l;~itJ:-2];-P..tii o                                 ~1'13~1'13~~8%~T~Eg~§~~~,¥ij~
                                                            )ijl'l3) ~~{*ijfEg)tBif!=fr~fi~];:~o
· i±~~i:13ii:B~R§)G:Jtl'J=&t:l:l:Y'61'T~zWJ, i~f*j:~
   1'13~~1'13~~~o-~fri'I3~Eg~flH~~~                      fie
  T l j:J.RRJ31'13)tBo
                                                         ·~lt~l'l3~~fr~~~~~@1.J, ~~>'<~
· Eg;l:Bmt±~;_g~ -2o'c ~ 4o'cz!'BJ1fm 0 ;_g&
    li~, ~51JlilEg)tB~X, ftf~~~'Fo )_g}j[j1fE£,            §)GJ:JD rMP o ~ ~g Eg itBB~IItJt B~1*ff:)_g§[ ~ o-
    Eg)i:B7@ifrJ~§t~UFmJ:.W~ o
                                                            21"C o
· ~lti±5~~~Eg§)G:Jtf~ttt.WI:fi~$1ffflEgjtB o ~li!U,      · ff:J])[1'13itM~I:fi~$1*t~-T**o i~~i~Egj!J3]![:Y

                                                            l.K'f:i§)G:Jtfo:r~g~;~*a~±!Bn 0
                                                         · ~lttJ1tiltfii:UEgitJ3, ~Mff, ~~, A~~§JE§,

                                                            WU3ifi:13ii:B o
                                                         · ~lt~~Eg)tJ3~~~IllitJi, _&~§)G:Jtf:1"tftB~~WJ

                                                            {;t-~lit:ff:§)GJ5*iltr 0
                                                         · ~i17 ~/ff~fflEg)i:B, i~~~Eg)!J3J])[Eg~ 30%-

                                                            50% 1'13iiff:J])[, PJ:*::*:~*Egii:BB~f~ffl%® o
JI:JJ                                                        -~9-@PJ~~~~0*9affifi$,~~~

· ~!f::'~~~itBWJm;JJ1(jg~l§', :;t~~~itB1iFF:t:§7E             7_k[Z::%15tc~i:J, @:15[<::~5-tQ~~ L.T~~:t{Q

  ~~~~~-~.~~~~~~~w.F·=                                       c~~ L. T < tC.~L'a ~*'~ L.tc~5ili:t;f~if1Jffl
  ~~--~~m.m*~~.~-~~~~~
                                                             90C:c~·L::*~*-O)RM7J~c~ll
  @J~9JD#1!8ji!iti!~!ll.
·~~~~~~~H*~~~~$~~WJ~JJ1(                                    <L-c tC.~L'a

*~.~~~~~sm#m~~~@J~m.$a                                     ·~~~~V<L.~G,@~~V<~c~V<L.T<
      {Z-.:tk~itB@J~)I:i::RJ1t~Jti:-2:J;-8j9J:II.
                                                             tc~L'· 7J<C'0)5l!JV<:t;fJM~tl" < tc~L 'a
~,EEl
                                                           :fe~'i:'?~'\'"(
· JF DJI ;f±~O)~){Q:t;f'ifffl9 0 L_ (:: [Z:: J::-:::> T ~
  ~ 9 0 $i!N[;3: DJI ;f±-tJJ0)~1f::t;f~ L'"*itfv.          · lt,9' DJI ;f±O):ft~~El!ZL '[i:i:J -7- 1"' --;:1 1"' C

cb'·· '22~ll&:m, 1~-::5L 'tc~5ili:t;f'ifffl9 0 c:            3t~ L. T < tc~L'a JF DJI f±:Jft1# L.tc3t~~

  L::*9· J::.52L.tc'i:JO)fJ\~~LJc~is\ DJI ;f±                1;f15effl9 0 L_ (:: C'~ L_-:::> tc $Wid:~- DJI ;f±
  §tL '[i~~/\~0)1-tli~"*Tc'Jm~< tt~L'·
                                                             [j: -t]JO)~{f:~~ l, \ * -\tfva
·~~O)~~rt~~~~~L.O)M~, ~~~~
                                                           <· n~$0)Jt~~*5R:t;fm'z::~~2 L -c tc.~L 'a
  :i;f;t 7 [Z:: L. T < tC.~L'· ~),®::i;f;t/[Z:: L.tc*
  *T, :jl;\Hf:Ud:L'T<tc~L'.                                   ft~~- PJ~?.i\~7JJO)J::.[Z::i]1!iJ'id:L'C< tc~L'a

·~~~~m-m~~G~~O)MC''iffflL.T                                · m:r=rfJ'~t:J-::>td~, ~5ili'a:*tc.~;~~*~0)1.'!',"
                                                             3t~ L. c[iL'ft"*-ttfva ~)tQO)*$fJ'~B:m L.
 e:,< tc.~L'a ;~mfJ'i®J < id:0 V<$1;fsl ~~
                                                            *9. Mt!lJmn~;~mra: o""'4o mc9a
   c:L*9.~<1d:0c, ~~O)*$~mmL
                                                           · ~)-ili,O)"'\.A ~---~;k55t:t;f~15R9 -@~, 20 @]:ft~ L.
  *9a
· 5$L'~1>~~ "* tdilitt~fJ\~ L_ 0 f~J:l%C'O)~){Q             <td~, -@]~~JJJ:~ L -c tC.~L'a

  0)15effl:t;f.ll::: L. "* 9 a I\ 'Y 7- 1) -15R~¥1.&0)     f*~';:'? V''Z"
  ~1l~b'~L ', ffii'J~O)i!NW~[Z::--:Jid:fJ'0 PJ1l~'l'1
  fJ\0 f) *9a                                              ·~M~O)~<T'fffflL.~0,~fiL.~~L.id:
· L'iJ'id:07J5!T~5-tQ:t;f~~1;$:9 0 L_ (:: [;3:. L::*
                                                              L'T< tc~L'a 0 - 21.CO)wJ:l%C'0)15Rfi~:tl
   ~ V<$~S~$i!N~~~90~~c~Gtt
                                                              ~L.*9a
  *9a
· ~5-tQi7'1:g~O)i~1:tra:Jm'~·l'1~st!iL' c9a ;~1*~          · ~:to~L.tcwJ:l%T0)15RfiL.T< tc~L'a 11<$~

  i@tt-@ (::, /fi;ittT < tc~L'a &:If~§[<::/\-:::>           < 'a7_ki@ttO)~pfT[Z::i]1tiJ'id:L' C tc~L
  tc~i~i\ 9('[Z:: 155J'l~J::.7l<c57tL'5titl, J!
  ~iJ'[z::~gij]O)~~:i;f:5Ntl" < tc~L 'a                    · I \'Y 7- 1) -[Z::oo~;/JO;:{_tc f), ~%~-tttc f), A
· ffi1'J$[z::~5ilifJ'~%L.tcG, ~15effl90Mrz::
                                                              'C<~~t:Hz::~ ::1- I-- ~-\tete f) L.id:L  tc~L ' ·
   ~~O)~·~mmL~~~~~:t;f~~L-c<
                                                           · ~jjj~7JJ1;$:§1ZL '[i~~ 7 ? -t-1) 1) - (:: -MH<:: 15R
   tc~l, \a
                                                              fi L.tc f) :1132'S L.tc f) L.id:L'C < tc~L'a
· ffi:('J$f<=1~~~Y7-LfJ'1J:f)*L.tcG, 9
  ('~~:t{Q[Z::~~ L. l ' ~){Q:t;f~}~9 -@iJ'ft~              · 15effl L.id:L ':Jti=IFs~[i 7 BFs~:i;f~;:{_-@:l:~-E;-[;3:; \'Y 7-

 <L -c tC.~L 'a                                               1) -7l~:t;f 3 0%- 5 0 %0)~;ki~[Z::9-@ L_ (:: C

· ~5-ili:t;fll<r<=J\ttid:L' c < tC.~L 'a ~5-tQi7'1g~ra:       I\ 'Y 7- 1) -O)*$:i;f9JH;J::'9 L_ (::~P]~~T9a
  7_kfJ\)\-@ (:: 1t'F&Jit\fJ\~L_ f)' §~~* L. l
                                                           ~M,t:'?~'Z'

                                                           · I \'Y 7- 1) -fi1t'F6b0)~, llSi:M9 0 (:: ~[iV<

                                                              W_O)~~ (:: 1d: Gid:L 'd::: ~ [Z::, ~~[z::1J)I:~:t;f:(j

                                                              -::> ciJ' Gll&:M L. T < tC.~L 'a mM7J5!rio&I

                                                              1) 70)~1-?IJ:t;f'B'-:::> -c < tC.~L 'a

                                                           ·  I\  'Y  7-  1   -O)~).@:O)i!N~:li[[Z::J::-@JJJ:~C'~id:L'
                                                                           )

                                                              ~i:J[i@J~.'X.f~H<=J\.tt 9'fz::, *:i3'-rz::JI~O)~ x_

                                                              IE L < ~JI:t;fi'J-:J -c < tC.~L'a
