July 21, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12097
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0742

Ms. Amy Anderson
SwingPointMedia, Inc.
54102 Avenida Bermudez
La Quinta, CA 92254

Dear Ms. Anderson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on March 25, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of SwingPointMedia, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator)
for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography.1

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

1 On June 23, 2015, the petitioner withdrew its request to conduct UAS operations for closed-set filming.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, SwingPointMedia, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, SwingPointMedia, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                            Petition for ExemptionDRAFT

                              (PURSUANT to 14 CFR SECTION 11.81)

Identification of Petitioner
This petition for exemption is submitted on behalf of SwingPointMedia, Inc., including its
principals, Jeff Harrison and Amy Anderson (collectively referred to as "SPM"), 54102
Avenida Bermudez, La Quinta, California 92254, (760) 413-3508 (via email at
sps.jdh@gmail.com).

Company Profile
SPM is the owner and operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("SUASs")
equipped to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry for
scripted closed set filming. SPM is an innovative media producer focused on providing
value to small businesses seeking affordable advertising via online and television
commercials utilizing aerial photography.

SPM believes that Unmanned Aircraft is truly the future direction of cutting edge media
production. Unmanned Aircraft provides for an efficient, affordable, and safe way to
enhance the commercials of our clients when compared to the use of helicopters or
fixed wing aircraft. This efficiency and cost savings can be passed on to SPM clients,
who in turn can more readily promote their business, attract new clientele and provide
greater employment opportunities for local residents.

Petition Based Upon Precedence--Prior Exemption
This petition is based, in part, upon prior exemption granted pursuant to, and in the
matter of, Astreaus Aerial (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, on September 25,
2014).

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 1    of  27
Description of Relief SoughtDRAFT
SPM is seeking an exemption to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55
pounds or less) in motion picture and television operations.

Petitioner Seeks the Following Exemptions
SPM applies for an exemption from specific Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to
allow commercial operation of its SUASs, within and under the conditions outlined in
this petition, and under such other limitations as may be established by the FAA as
required by Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. Law
112-95, 126 Stat. 11 (2012) (the "2012 Act").

SPM requests exemptions from section of 14 CFR: part 21 (Certification), 45.23(b) (N
number identification), 61.113(a) and (b) (flying for hire), 91.7(a), 91.9(b) and (2)
(Airworthiness), 91.103 (preflight, airport), 91.109 (dual controls), 91.119, 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) (Airframe mechanic), 91.409(a)(2)
(Annual Inspections), 91.417(a), and 91.417(b) (Maintenance records), which sections
are delineated as follows:

Part 21 prescribing the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals. (SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory
criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 [P.L. 112-95] in reference to 49
USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with the proposed UAS.)

Section 45.23(b) prescribing that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 2    of  27
not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted,"DRAFT
"light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. (SPM believes relief from
this section is not necessary as the proposed UAS is not certificated under Section
21.191 and this petition is submitted in connection with proposed operations as a Civil
UAS.)

Section 61.31(a) prescribing that a person who acts as a pilot in command of any of the
following aircraft must hold a type rating for that aircraft for other aircraft specified by the
Administrator through aircraft type certificate procedures:

         (1) Large aircraft (except lighter-than-air).
         (2) Turbojet-powered airplanes.
         (3) Other aircraft specified by the Administrator through aircraft type certificate

                  procedures.
SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the
size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the proposed UAS.
SPM, however, respectfully requests exemption of 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b), and if
granted the UAS will fully comply with the qualifications of PIC's noted herein.
Furthermore, in light of recent developments, Petitioner Amy Anderson, a skilled UA
Pilot with 500 plus airtime hours dedicated exclusively to UA flying, requests leave to
amend this petition should new Federal Aviation Administration rules preclude the
requirements noted in 14CFR 6.113(a) and (b), for PIC's flying UA's.

Section 91.7(a) prescribing that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition. (SPM requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PlC)
compliance with the applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer
and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is
available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 3    of  27
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. (SPMDRAFT
believes relief from this section is not necessary as the FAA has previously determined
relief is not required provided the relevant materials published by the manufacturer are
kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.)

Section 91.103(b) prescribing that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with
runway lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance
information. (SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary provided the PIC
complies with the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.109(a) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless
that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls. (SPM believes relief from this section is
not necessary provided the P1C complies with the Proposed Conditions and Limitations
set forth in this petition or utilizes the Dll Inspire 1 UAS dual control feature.)

Section 91.119 prescribing that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
                  without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. (SPM
                  believes relief from this section is not necessary provided the Pilot in
                  Command (PIC) complies with the applicable operational documents
                  published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
                  Limitations set forth in this petition.)

         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or
                  settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000
                  feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of
                  the aircraft. (SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary
                  provided the Pilot in Command (PIC) complies with the applicable

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 4    of  27
                  operational documents published by the manufacturer and the ProposedDRAFT
                  Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)
         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
                  surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
                  cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
                  person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. (SPM requests relief from this section
                  by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational
                  documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions
                  and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." (SPM
believes relief from this section is not necessary provided the PIC complies with the
Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.151(a) prescribing that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, (1) during the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added].
(SPM requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft
unless it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an
effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the
United States, the second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in
§ 47.31(c). (SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary as the FAA has
previously determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials published by

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 5    of  27
the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a locationDRAFT
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.)
Section 91.203(b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under
§ 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers
or crew. (SPM believes relief from this section is not necessary as the FAA has
previously determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials published by
the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations.)

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall,
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section,
have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter. (SPM requests
relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable
operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft
that has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
unless it has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of
the same chapter. (SPM requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC)
compliance with the applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer
and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Section 91.409(a) prescribing that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the
preceding 12 calendar months, it has had .... (2) that no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the
issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. (SPM
requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 6    of  27
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the ProposedDRAFT
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)
Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that--
(a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
              records of the 100- hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
              inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
              each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
              include--
              (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the
                       work performed; and
              (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
              (iii)The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft
                       for return to service.

         (2) Records containing the following information:
              (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
              each rotor.
              (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,
              rotor, and appliance.
              (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
              required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
              (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the
              last inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft
              and its appliances are maintained.
              (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
              directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
              directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
              recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 7    of  27
              (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each majorDRAFT
              alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers,
              and appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until
         the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is
         performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of
         this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
         approved for return to service.
(SPM requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition.)

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)
SPM intends to operate The INSPIRE1, T600 (UAS), which is specifically designed for
aerial media production. The specifications of the Inspire1, T600 are as follows:
Aircraft Model
T600
Weight 2935gm (Battery Included)
Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)
Vertical: 0.5 m
Horizontal: 2.5 m
Max Angular Velocity
Pitch: 300°/s
Yaw: 150°/s
Max Tilt Angle
35°

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 8    of  27
Max Ascent SpeedDRAFT
5 m/s

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                 Page 9    of  27
Inspire1 T600 Specifications-ContinuedDRAFT
Max Descent Speed
4 m/s
Max Speed
22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
Max Flight Altitude
4500 m
Max Wind Speed Resistance
10 m/s
Max Flight Time
Approximately 18 minutes
Motor Model
DJI 3510
Propeller Model
DJI 1345
Indoor Hovering
Enabled by default
Operating Temperature Range
-10° to 40° C
Diagonal Distance
559 to 581 mm
Dimensions
438x451x301 mm
Mounting
Detachable
Remote Controller
Name
C1

                                        Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                  Page 1  0  of  27
DRAFT

Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
          Page 1  1  of  27
Inspire1 T600 Specifications-ContinuedDRAFT
Operating Frequency
922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
5.725~5.825 GHz
2.400~2.483 GHz
Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed)
2 km
EIRP
10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G
Video Output Port
USB, mini-HDMI
Power Supply
Built-in battery
Charging
DJI charger
Dual User Capability
Host-and-Slave connection
Mobile Device Holder
Tablet or Phone
Max Mobile Device Width
170mm
Output Power
9W
Operating Temperature Range
-10° to 40° C
Storage Temperature Range
Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

                                                  Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                            Page 1  2  of  27
DRAFT

Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
          Page 1  3  of  27
Inspire1 T600 Specifications-ContinuedDRAFT
Charging Temperature Range
0-40° C
Battery
6000 mAh LiPo 2S
Charger
Model
A14-100P1A
Voltage
26.3 V
Rated Power
100 W
Battery (Standard)
Name
Intelligent Flight Battery
Model
TB47
Capacity
4500 mAh
Voltage
22.2 V
Battery Type
LiPo 6S High voltage battery
Energy
99.9 Wh
Net Weight
570 g
Operating Temperature Range

                                        Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                  Page 1  4  of  27
-10° to 40° CDRAFT
                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 1  5  of  27
Inspire1 T600 Specifications-ContinuedDRAFT
Storage Temperature Range
Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
More than 3 months: 22° C to 28° C
Charging Temperature Range
0° to 40° C
Max Charging Power
180 W
Battery (Optional)
Name
Intelligent Flight Battery
Model
TB48
Capacity
5700 mAh
Voltage
22.8 V
Battery Type
LiPo 6S
Energy
129.96 Wh
Net Weight
670 g
Operating Temperature Range
-10° to 40° C
Storage Temperature Range

Less than 3 months: -20 to 45° C
More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

                                        Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                  Page 1  6  of  27
DRAFT

Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
          Page 1  7  of  27
Inspire1 T600 Specifications-ContinuedDRAFT
Charging Temperature Range
0° to 40° C
Max Charging Power
180 W
DJI Pilot App
Mobile Device System Requirements
iOS 8.0 or later
Android 4.1.2 or later
Supported Mobile Devices
* Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air, iPad Air Wi-Fi +
Cellular, iPad mini 2, iPad mini 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular, iPad Air 2, iPad Air 2 Wi-Fi + Cellular,
iPad mini 3, and iPad mini 3 Wi-Fi + Cellular. This app is optimized for iPhone 5s,
iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus.
* Samsung S5, Note 3, Sony Z3 EXPERIA, Google Nexus 7 II, Google Nexus 9, Mi 3,
Nubia Z7 mini.

The UA is specifically designed with the safety of the NAS and persons/property on the
ground. The design features of the UA include an advanced Inertial Measurement Unit
(IMU) incorporates both a 6-axis gyroscope and an accelerometer to monitor miniscule
changes in tilt and movement. This allows the aircraft to compensate and adjust
immediately, holding its position at all times.

As UA flies, its position is constantly updated and recorded using a high-strength,
intelligent GLONASS + GPS system. This dual positioning system enables higher
precision and quicker satellite acquisition, allowing PIC to see where the aircraft is on a
live map and giving it a point to hover at when the controls are released. In additional to
traditional GPS, GLONASS offers an even greater level of precision by providing even

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 1  8  of  27
more satellites. The UAS remembers its takeoff point and dynamically tracks currentDRAFT
position, so the PIC can bring the UA back to his/her location at the press of a button.
This UA Main Controller receives thousands of bits of data every second and translates
that data into action as the PIC flies the UA. The Main Controller tells every part of the
UA what to do, calculates environmental conditions in real-time, and ensures that the
aircraft responds the PIC's control commands instantly.

The UA's Electronic Speed Controllers (ESCs) handle communication between the Main
Controller and the motors. The ESC's tell each motor exactly how fast to spin and how
much power to use at all times. As the PIC flies and maneuvers around, each motor
moves at its own speed as calculated by advanced algorithms, providing the PIC
complete control.

If the battery runs low or connection with the UA remote controller is lost, the UAS uses
its positioning system and smart flight technology to return back to the PIC.

Pre-Flight Inspection, Maintenance and Repair
All pre-flight inspection by the PIC, as well as maintenance and repair, shall be
conducted by the UAS operator in accordance with the UA manufacturer's user manual,
safety guidelines and maintenance manual. (See attached.)

Us Radio Frequency Spectrum and Associated Equipment
The UA utilizes a Radio Frequency (RF) of 5.725-927.7 GHz/2.400-2.483 GHz.

Qualifications of PIC's Operating the UA
A. PIC must possess a private pilot's certificate and a valid third-class medical
certificate.
B. PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours
of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a
similar UAS type (single blade or multirotor).

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 1  9  of  27
C. PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours as UAS pilot withDRAFT
the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three
take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days.

D. The PIC must have successfully completed the qualification process as verified by
manufacturer's representative. Visual observers possessing similar skill levels will be
utilized during operations to provide line- of-sight guidance (VLOS) to the PIC as an
adjunct to the built in systems aboard the UA.

Medical Standards and Certification of Pic's
PIC's directly responsible for the operation of the UAS pursuant to CFR parts 61, 67,
shall maintain a Class 3 medical certificate subsequent to a flight physical obtained from
a qualified Aviation Medical Examiner (AME.)

Operation of the UAS
The intended operation of the UAS involves aerial photography for use in internet and
television commercials in primarily remote areas, or within clearly defined boundaries
relevant to a specific intended subject of the aerial photography.

Historically this type of photography has been accomplished via the use of helicopter's
holding a standard airworthiness certificate issued under 14 CFR, part 21, Subpart H.
When equipped for aerial photography this type of helicopter could weigh between
5,500-6,500 pounds. Operations of this sort include an onboard pilot and crew members
as needed.

The UAS weighs approximately 7 pounds fully loaded and has no onboard pilot or crew.
The PIC and crew (if any) will be located remotely from the aircraft. The limited weight of
the UAS substantially reduces any potential for harm to participating and non-
participating persons or property in the event of any incident, fuel spillage, or fire, as the

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  0  of  27
UAS carries no fuel. Additionally, the risk of injury to an onboard pilot and crew isDRAFT
eliminated.

When applicable to the operation, the danger of filming in close proximity to participating
persons is substantially mitigated by the limited weight and size of the UAS. Traditional
filming risks utilizing a helicopter in close proximity to participating persons using an
FAA issued Certificate of Waiver has been historically mitigated via standard
airworthiness certification under 14 CFR, part 21, Subpart H.

Operation of the UA
The level of safety provided by the UA meets, or more realistically exceeds the provided
by 14 CFR, part 21, Subpart H. The UA will be operational within defined boundaries
specific to the subject of the aerial photography. This encompasses an area where the
specific subject is located. As part of the filming process spotters will be utilized at the
target location on the ground to ensure the safety of participating and non-participating
persons within the defined area. Spotters will be in communication with a designated
Communications Person (CP) (part of the UA crew) via two-way radio or cell phone,
utilizing frequencies of non-interference to UA controls. The CP will then relate any
pertinent information to the PIC. All non-participating personnel will be kept 500-feet
from flight operations.

Maximum Operating Speed and Altitude
The proposed maximum altitude for the UA is 400 feet, and proposed maximum speed
is 22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind.) For flight visibility, distance from hazards, etc., please
see attached specifications and safety manuals.

Characteristics of the Area of Operation
In accordance with statutory mandate under Section 333, the intended area of operation
consists of a sparsely populated region with little or no human traffic, minimum
structures, little to no electrical structures, and light business/residential.

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  1  of  27
Operation Near an AirportDRAFT
In accordance with statutory mandate under Section 333, the intended operation in not
located anywhere near a commercial or private airport.

Visual Line-of-Sight (VLOS)
In accordance with Statutory mandate under Section 333(b)(1), the PIC will utilize VLOS
in addition to any built-in controls on board the UA. This will be accomplished by a
qualified member of the flight crew (Non-PIC) and augmented by spotters in
communication with the qualified flight crew member (CP).

Pre-Flight Safety Risk Assessment
In accordance with 14 CFR 91.7(b), pre-flight safety risk assessments shall be
completed pursuant to guidelines contained in the manufacturer's safety and operation
manuals (Attached.)

Operations Involving Flight Standards District Office (FSDO)
The UAS intends to coordinate its operations with the local FSDO with respect to any
proposed aerial photography, and accordingly be guided by FSDO's instructions.

Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA)
The UAS intends to complete the COA application should a waiver be granted.

Public Interest and Benefit
The above "aerial work" services, normally provided in manned aircraft, may be
provided with increased safety and at significantly lower cost in situations where the use
of unmanned UAS aircraft would supplement or replace the use of manned aircraft as a
result of safety or economic considerations in certain applications where extended
operational range and limited time aloft are not a factor. The proposed UAS operations
will pose no threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  2  of  27
compared to larger manned aircraft, minimize potential ecological affects or damage,DRAFT
and promote economic growth by providing data information to individuals or companies
requiring aerial survey or imaging data. Additionally, the growth of the UAS industry has
precipitated a large influx of "recreational" UAS pilots without formal knowledge or
training regarding the effects or potential danger of UAS flight with the National Airspace
System (NAS). While it is unclear what, if any, pilot certification requirements will
ultimately apply to UAS pilots operating for commercial purposes under the final
rulemaking process, there is a present need for training and dissemination of the
applicable federal aviation regulations and flight characteristics of UAS to the general
public; specifically current and potential UAS operators. UAS flight and ground
demonstration and instruction for compensation utilizing the current system of
certificated flight instructors provides economic incentive to accomplish the public goal
of integration of both recreational and commercial UAS into the NAS while promoting
safety and maintenance public awareness of current regulations affecting UAS
operation.

Exemptions Provide a Level of Safety Equal to or Greater than the Existing Level
Under Current Regulations

The use of UAS operated under the requested exemptions as set forth above have the
capacity to operate with less risk of accident or injury and the associated loss of
property or life while performing the same aerial work services offered in manned
aircraft in certain situations where extended operational range and limited time aloft are
not a factor. Likewise, UAS flight and ground demonstration and instruction for
compensation promote and encourage the existing system of certificated flight
instructors to participate in the public educational process utilizing UAS rather than
manned aircraft.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or
accident. The Inspire 1 carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident
or accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated.

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  3  of  27
This petition for exemption does not propose an electronic means to monitor and
communicate with other aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology.
Rather the risk is mitigated by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from
clouds, permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UAS be operated
within VLOS and yield right of way to all manned operations. Additionally, the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations provide that the SPM will request a notice to airmen
(NOTAM) prior to operations to alert other users of the NAS.

SPM's UAS has the capability -to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability
augmentation and control. The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of GPS or a lost-
link event with pre-coordinated automated flight maneuvers. These safety features
provide an equivalent or higher level of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding an
airworthiness certificate (restricted or otherwise) performing a similar operation.
DRAFT
Federal Register Summary

SwingPointMedia, including its pilot Amy Anderson, seeks exemption from the following
regulations for the purpose of conducting flight instruction and commercial "aerial work"
flight operations utilizing Unmanned Aerial Systems ("UAS") as set forth under the
provisions of 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(1) Student instruction, Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii)
Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol
and the following additional relief:

14 CFR       Summary of Regulation                             FAA Consideration or Action Requested

Part 21: Certification procedures for products and parts,      Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
Airworthiness Certificates                                     exemption
                                                               Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
PART 61: Certification: Pilots, Light Instructors, and Ground  exemption1
Instructors                                                    Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L.
                                                               112-95)
61.31(a)     Type ratings required.                            Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L.
                                                               112-95)2
61.31(c)     Aircraft category, class, and type
             ratings: Limitations on the carriage
             of persons, or operating for
             compensation or hire.

                                                               Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                         Page 2  4  of  27
61.31(d)           Aircraft category, class, and type Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L.
                   ratings: Limitations on operating an 112-95)2
                   aircraft as the pilot in command.

Part 91: Standard Instrument Procedures               Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                                                      exemption1

91.7(a)            Civil aircraft worthiness          Relief granted in prior exemption with
                                                      conditions and limitations1

91.7(b)            Civil aircraft worthiness          Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                                                      exemption1

91.9(b)(2)         Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                   and placard requirements           exemption1

91.103(b)          Preflight action                   Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                                                      exemption1

91.109(a)          Flight instruction; simulated      Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                   instrument flight and certain flight exemption1
                   tests

91.119             Minimum safe altitudes; general Relief [paragraph (c)] granted in prior
                                                      exemption with conditions and limitations1

91.121             Altimeter settings                 Relief granted in prior exemption with
                                                      conditions and limitations1
DRAFT
91.151(a)          Fuel requirements for flight in VFR Relief [paragraph 91.151(a)(1), day]
                   conditions                         granted in prior exemption with conditions
                                                      and limitations1

91.203(a) and (b)  Civil aircraft: Certifications required Relief not necessary pursuant to prior
                                                      exemption1

91.405(a)          Maintenance required               Relief granted in prior exemption with
                                                      conditions and limitations1

91.407(a)(1)       Operation after maintenance,       Relief granted in prior exemption with
                   preventive maintenance, rebuilding, conditions and limitations1
                   or alteration

91.409(a)(1) and (2) Inspections                      Relief granted in prior exemption with
                                                      conditions and limitations1

91.417(a) and (b)  Maintenance records                Relief granted in prior exemption with
                                                      conditions and limitations1

CONCLUSION

   Approval of the Petition for Exemption for SwingPointMedia should be granted for
aerial photography and movie production limited to two years for movie production
subject to the following provisions and restrictions:

    1. Specific liability insurance coverage for remote aircraft operation shall be
         maintained.

    2. Formal mandatory safety procedures shall be adopted and maintained to include
         marking and maintaining a restricted area excluding those not directly involved in

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  5  of  27
    operation of the remotely piloted aircraft and cameras. Those safety operationsDRAFT
    should exclude operating less than 50 feet over an open-air assembly of persons
    or over active railroads, roadways or highways.

3. Visual Line of Sight with the aircraft must be maintained by the Pilot in Control at
    all times. If VLOS cannot be maintained the aircraft must be immediately brought
    in and landed.

4. The Pilot in Control shall have passed an FAA "ground school" exam but shall not
    be required to hold a current pilot's license or medical certificate.

5. No operation shall be above 400 feet or in any restricted airspace without specific
    prior clearance/approval from ATC for the location. A UAV flight plan filing may be
    required by the ATC so that a NOTAM may be issued.

6. An observer/spotter shall be required who is in direct communication with the
    Pilot in Command at all times. Communication may be by radio or by verbal
    communication within proximity to the Pilot in Command.

7. The remotely piloted aircraft must have automatic provision for Return to Base
    upon loss of remote control signal. Nothing in this restriction shall prohibit
    autonomous operation of the aircraft providing the Pilot in Command or UAV
    operator can regain direct control at any time during the automated flight.

8. The Pilot in Command must have available a (portable) transceiver capable of
    monitoring and communicating on aircraft frequencies (118.000 to 136.975 MHz.)
    if it becomes necessary.

9. At any time that the Pilot in Command must communicate with an aircraft in the
    area or Air Traffic Control, the transmission shall be identified by the letters "U A
    V" or "Unmanned Aircraft" followed by the name of the company conducting the
    video production.

                                                                                                Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                           Page 2  6  of  27
    10. The Pilot in Control be in possession of a current sector map of the area ofDRAFT
         operation (paper or electronic) in at the time of flight and must be aware of
         restrictions and communication frequencies applicable for that location.

    11. If the designated Pilot in Command lacks sufficient specific skills to operate the
         UAV being used the PIC may be in direct supervision of and be fully responsible
         for an operator who has sufficient skills for operating (flying) the specific UAV
         being used.

    12. Such limited operating approval may be rescinded or suspended by the FAA or
         NTSB in the event of an accident or if there is cause to believe any of the stated
         provisions have not been met or maintained.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the USA PIC, and the
UAS operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not
limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
Respectfully submitted,
SWINGPOINTMEDIA

_____________________________
Amy Anderson

                                                                                                     Pe((on  for  Exemp(on
                                                                                                                Page 2  7  of  27
