September 10, 2015

                                                      Exemption No. 11589A
                                                      Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0457

Mr. Anthony Sydor
Chief Executive Office
Sydor Aerial Photography LLC
1046 Autumn Lakes Circle, 3B
Mishawaka, IN 46544

Dear Mr. Sydor:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your petition for an amendment. It explains
the basis for our decision, describes its effect, and lists any changes to the original conditions
and limitations.

By letter dated February 20, 2015, and by amendment posted to the public docket on
June 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Sydor
Aerial Photography LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an amendment to your current
exemption. That exemption from §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) allows the
petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. You requested an amendment
to add the DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom 3 Advanced and
Professional.

In your petition, you indicate that there has been no change in the conditions and reasons
relative to public interest and safety that were the basis for granting the original exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested amendment to the exemption would not set a
precedent, and any delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The
unmanned aircraft authorized in the original grant are comparable in type, size, weight, speed
and operating capabilities to those in this petition.
                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Our Decision

The FAA has determined that the justification for the issuance of Exemption No. 11589
remains valid and is in the public interest. Therefore, under the authority contained
in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, the operator is
granted an amendment to add new aircraft to its UAS operations.

The operator shall add this amendment to its original exemption.

Conditions and Limitations

All conditions and limitations within Grant of Exemption No. 11589 remain in effect except
as follows. Condition No. 1 has been updated to reflect the additional aircraft.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    Vision, DJI Phantom 2 Vision Plus, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom 3 Advanced and
    Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosure
February 20, 2015
 

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590 

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform 
Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 
61.113(a) & (b) 91.119(c) 91.151(a) 91.405(a) 91.407(a)(1) 
91.409(a)(2)91.417(a) & (b). 

 

Dear Sir or Madam:  

         Sydor Aerial Photography LLC petitions the Federal Aviation 
Administration to conduct sUAS flights over privately owned property 
for the purpose of creating image maps, photographs, and videos of 
cellular phone towers.  

        Why use sUAS's for the inspection of cellular phone towers. 
What is the the benefit to the public? 

        1) sUAS can quickly and cost effectively gather critical aerial data 
that can be used for analysis and prevent interruption of service.  

        2) sUAS can reduce the need for individuals to photograph 
potentially structurally compromised cellular phone towers from an 
elevated position. The use of sUAS is in the public interest as it 
reduces the potential risk of injury and death. 

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC is a 100% veteran owned UAV 
company that specializes in aerial  photography and photogrammetry 
with sUAV. Our experience in sUAS operations gives us the expertise 
to conduct safeflight sUAS operations. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC 
takes a planned tactical approach to data gathering by optimizing and 
reviewing the most efficient flight plan. This knowledge base has come 
through years of piloting, maintaining, and repairing sUAS. 
    Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act 
of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Sydor Aerial 
Photography LLC petitions  the FAA to allow safe flight operation of its 
sUAS for the purpose of capturing aerial photographic data from 
cellular phone towers. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC hereby applies 
for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) 
to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such 
operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined 
herein or as may be established by the FAA in an exemption granted 
under either Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. §44701(f). 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC has set forth conditions that are 
consistent with the equivalent level of safety set forth in Exemption 
11062 and the related exemptions issued to sUAS companies for 
scripted closed set filming for the motion picture and television 
industry. 

     As described more fully below, the requested exemption would 
permit the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive 
sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited, 2) 
predetermined, 3) controlled as to access, and 4) would provide safety 
enhancements to the already safe operations in the fields in which it 
will operate, presently using manned aircraft or ground personnel. 
Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill 
the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) 
responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of 
such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."Section 333(c) 
of the Reform Act. 

The name and address of the applicant is: 

       Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC 

       1046 Autumn Lakes Circle, 3B 

       Mishawaka, IN 46544 
       Attn: Anthony Sydor, CEO 

 

Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 

14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c) 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)14 C.F.R. 407(a)(1) 14 C.F.R. 409(a)(2)  

14 C.F.R. 417(a) & (b) 

    This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill 
Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform 
Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider 
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the 
national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking 
required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this 
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of 
UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose 
a threat to national security in light of the following: 

  The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
       Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and 
       populated areas and operation of the UAS within visual line of 
       sight of the operator.  

    Reform Act §333(b). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such 
vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the 
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such 
aircraft in the national airspace system."Id. at § 333(c) 
 

    The Federal Aviation Act, in addition to the authority granted by 
Section 333 of Reform Act, expressly grants the FAA the authority to 
issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes 
exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under Section 40101 of 
the Act, which includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil 
aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. 

    The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a 
regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of Section 333 or any 
Sections 4470244716 of the Transportation Act if the Administrator 
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See 
also 49 U.S.C. §44711(a) 49 U.S.C. § 44704 14 C.F.R. §
91.203(a)(1). This authority to grant exemptions reaches such issues 
as authorization of commercial operation of aircraft without a pilot's 
license. 

    Based upon the spirit of Section 333, and the continuing integration 
of small UAS's into the NAS, Sydor Aerial Photography LLC submits 
this petition for review and approval.  

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC operates a DJI Phantom 2 Vision 
(quadcopter). Maximum manufacturer's safe flight speed is less than 
15 m/s. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC will not exceed 10 m/s during 
UAS operation. 

    UA will not exceed 400 ft (AGL) and will only be operated within line 
of sight of the PIC and VO. 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC submits "UAS safe flight operations 
manual", as it pertains to cellular phone tower aerial inspections as 
Exhibit A. 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC submits the "UAS manufacturer 
flight and operational manual" as Exhibit B. 

    Operational compliance of Exhibit A and B shall insure safe flight 
operations within the boundaries of cellular phone towers. Compliance 
outlined in Exhibit A and B shall also insure safe flight UAS operations 
within the NAS.  

 
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC proposes that the exemption requested 
herein apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics and that 
operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for 
an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the 
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations 
represent a safety enhancement to the operations normally conducted 
with manned aircraft. 

These limitations and conditions to which Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations 
under an FAA issued exemption include: 

  1. The UAS must weigh less than 25 lbs., including battery and 
       camera. Operations will be limited to the aircraft described in 
       Exhibit B 

  2. The UA may not be flown faster than recommended by the 
       manufacturer. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC will not operate the 
       UA faster than 10m/s. 

  3. UAS operations will be conducted below 400 ft above ground 
       level (AGL). The height of the UA will not exceed 400 ft (AGL). 

         4. UAS operations will only be conducted in class G airspace, 
       unless otherwise approved by the FAA. 

         5. The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of 
       the PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use 
       human vision unaided by any device other than corrective 
       lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA issued thirdclass medical 
       certificate.  

        6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may 
       be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC 
       always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be 
       able to communicate verbally at all times. 

        7. The operator will be bound by and follow Exhibits A & B. Any 
       additional requirements identified in the final conditions for this 
       exemption will be added to Exhibits A & B . Exhibits A & B will be 
       maintained and made available to the Administrator upon 
       request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and 
       limitations in the final exemption and the procedures outlined in 
       Exhibits A & B, the conditions and limitations of the exception will 
       take precedence and will be followed. Otherwise, the operator 
       will follow the procedures as outlined in Exhibits A & B.  

        8. The operator will update or revise its Exhibits A & B. It will be 
       the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present 
       updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon 
       request. The operator will also present updated and revised 
       documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the 
       operator determines that any update or revision would affect the 
       basis for which the FAA granted this exemption, then the 
       operator will petition for amendment to their exemption. The 
       operator will contact the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS80) 
       with questions that may arise regarding updates or revisions to 
       Exhibits A & B. 

        9. Prior to each flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is 
       in safe flight condition. The procedures for preflight inspection 
       and functional viability of all UAS components is outlined in 
       Exhibit A & B 

       10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that 
       affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g., 
       replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo two 
       functional tests outlined in Exhibit C. The PIC who conducts the 
       functional tests will make an entry into the sUAS maintenance 
       record. Specific procedures for the sUAS functional tests is 
       submitted as Exhibit C. 

        11. The operator will comply with the manufacturer's 
       recommendations pertaining to maintenance, inspection and 
       replacement of UAS components. The maintenance manual, 
       submitted as Exhibit C, outlines these components.  

       12. The PIC will have at least a current private pilot certificate and 
       a current thirdclass medical certificate. The PIC will also meet 
       the flight review requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. §61.56 in 
       an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot certificate. 

       13. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of gathering 
       aerial data, the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a 
       manner consistent with 14 C.F.R. §61.51(b), a minimum of 300 
       flight cycles and 30  hours of total time as a UAS multirotor 
       aircraft pilot and at least 20 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a 
       similar UAS type. Prior documented flight experience that was 
       obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will be used 
       to satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and 
       experiencebuilding flights may also be conducted under this 
       grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and 
       flight time. During training, proficiency, and experiencebuilding 
       flights, all persons not essential for flight operations will be 
       considered nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UA 
       with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance 
       with 14 C.F.R. §91.119.  

        14. Prior to any UAS operations by a grant of exemption the PIC 
       and VO will have completed a qualification process outlined in 
       Exhibit D. Exhibit D includes basic flight maneuvers, skilled flight 
       maneuvers, advanced flight maneuvers, and emergency 
       procedures. The qualifying process outlined in Exhibit D will be 
       implemented by a qualified person designated by the operator. 
       Upon request the record of qualifying completion will be made 
       available to the administrator. 

        15. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of gathering 
       aerial data, a flight demonstration, administered by an 
       operatorapproved and qualified pilot will be successfully 
       completed and documented. This documentation will be 
       available for review upon request by the Administrator. Because 
       the knowledge and airmanship test qualifications will be 
       developed by the operator, and there are no established 
       practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA Flight 
       Standards District Office (FSDO) evaluation and approval of 
       company designated examiners, the operator will conduct these 
       tests In accordance with Exhibit D. 

        16. The UAS will not be operated directly over any person, 
       except authorized and consenting personnel necessary for the 
       purpose, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or 
       property on the surface in the event of a UAS failure or 
       emergency. 

        17. Regarding the distance from participating persons, Exhibit A 
       establishes safety mitigations for authorized and consenting 
       personnel. At all times, those persons must be essential to the 
       sUAS operation.    

        18. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the 
       operator will ensure that no persons are allowed within 500 ft of 
       the area except those consenting to be involved and necessary 
       for the sUAS operation. 

        19. If the UAS loses communications or loses its Global 
       Positioning System (GPS) signal, the UAS will be programmed 
       to return to a predetermined location within the security 
       perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with the 
       Exhibit A&B. 
         20. The UAS will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted 
       obstacles or emergencies in accordance with the Exhibit A&B 

         21. Each UAS operation will be completed within 20 minutes of 
       flight time or with 30% battery power remaining, whichever 
       occurs first. 

        22. The operator will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) 
       issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to 
       conducting any operations under an exemption. The operator will 
       request a Notice to Airman not more than 72 hours in advance, 
       but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.  

        23. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be 
       identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 
       C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N Number) markings in 
       accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, subpt.C. Markings will be as 
       large as practicable. 

         24. The operator will develop procedures to document and 
       maintain a record of the UAS maintenance, preventative 
       maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul 
       component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS. These 
       procedures will be added to Exhibit C. 

        25. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all 
       manufacturer safety bulletins, firmware, software updates and 
       will be documented and updated in Exhibit A & B. 

        26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum 
       used for operation and control of the UA will comply with the 
       Federal Communications Commission (FCC). 

        27. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 
       will be available to the PIC at the ground control station of the 
       UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These documents will be 
       made available to the administrator, or governing body upon 
       request. 

        28. The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all 
       other manned operations and activities at all times (including, but 
       not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing 
       activities, hang gliders, etc.).   

        29. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined 
       in 14 C.F.R. §1.1. Operations will only be conducted under 
       visual meteorological conditions (VMC).  

        30. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving 
       device or vehicle. 

        31. The UA will not be operated less than 500 ft below or less 
       than 2,000 ft horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less 
       than 3 statute miles. 

        32. The UA will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without 
       written approval from the FAA. The UA will not operate within 5 
       nautical miles of the geographic center of a nontowered airport 
       as denoted on a current FAApublished aeronautical chart unless 
       a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, 
       and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as 
       required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the 
       airport management will be made available to the Administrator 
       upon request. 

        33. Incidents, accidents or flight operation that transgresses the 
       lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined 
       by the applicable COA will be reported to the Federal Aviation 
       Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS80) within 24 
       hours. Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation 
       Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB 
       web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations will not be 
       conducted until the incident or accident is reviewed by AFS80 
       and authorization to resume operations is provided. 

14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: 
Pilot in Command 

Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial 
operations. Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the 
proposed operations can achieve the same level of safety of current 
operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private 
pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license in order to 
safely operate sUAS. As outlined in Exhibit A, all sUAS operations are 
carefully preplanned flights and prior to each flight written approval 
from the property owner, or property owner agent, will be obtained. 
The level of safety provided by the requirements included in Exhibits A 
& B exceeds that provided by a single person holding a commercial 
pilot's certificate operating a manned aircraft. The risks associated 
with the sUAS operation within the operational area are so diminished 
from the level of risk associated with commercial operations 
contemplated by Part 61 that allowing operations of the sUAS as 
requested with a private pilot as the PIC meets and exceeds the 
present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) & (b).  

The FAA has granted exemptions for private pilots to conduct similar 
operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 

Section 91.119 sets forth safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. 
Section 91.119(c) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the 
minimums prescribed, providing that the person operating the 
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for 
helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is similar 
to a helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at 
altitudes up to 400 ft AGL, an exemption will be needed to allow 
operations. Because the aerial data sets do not require flights greater 
than 400 ft (AGL), Sydor Aerial Photography LLC will not operate the 
UA at or greater than 400 ft (AGL). 

The FAA has previously granted exemptions to conduct similar 
operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

14 C.F.R. §91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an 
airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast 
weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of 
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­1) During 
the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or 2) At night, to fly 
after that for at least 45 minutes." 

The 5200mAh lithium polymer smart battery powering the sUAS 
provides approximately 25 minutes of flight. In order to meet the 
30minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. §91.151,  the sUAS 
flights would not be able to operate. Given the powered flight 
limitations of the sUAS, within the restricted flight area a longer time 
frame for flight is reasonable. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes that an exemption from 14 
C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior approved 
exemptions. Ex. Exemption 10673. Flight operations via the sUAS, 
with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not apply to the original 
intent of Section 91.151 (a), given the sUAS size and speed. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes that an equal level of safety 
can be achieved by limiting flights to 20 minutes or 30% of battery 
power whichever occurs first. Limiting sUAS flights to 20 minutes or 
30% battery power allows the PIC adequate time to return the UA to 
its predetermined home landing position. 

Similar exemptions have been approved for other sUAS operations, 
including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808 and Exemptions 
11062 through 11067 and 11080. 
14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a) 407(a)(1) 409(a)(2) 417(a) & (b): 
Maintenance Inspections 

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall 
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and 
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph 
(c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 
43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft 
in compliance with Part 43. 

The above mentioned sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with 
an airworthiness certificate, therefore these sections do not apply to 
Sydor Aerial Photography LLC. Operational maintenance will be 
performed as outlined in Exhibit C. Due to the size of the UA and its 
camera an equal level of safety will be achieved. In the event of 
mechanical issues, during flight operations, the UA can be safely 
landed. Refer to Exhibit B failsafe procedures. As provided in Exhibits 
A and B the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order 
before the start of any sUAS operations. In addition, the PIC will 
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance 
performed. Since the operator is the person most familiar with the 
entire sUAS best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy 
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. As outlined in 
Exhibit C annual inspection, maintenance will be performed by an 
independent third party not affiliated with Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC. 

The FAA has granted exemptions for similar operations in Exemptions 
11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

     To satisfy 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for 
publication in the Federal Register. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC seeks an exemption from the following 
rules: 
14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b) 91.119(c) 91.151(a) 91.405(a) 
91.407(a) (1) 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) & (b)  

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC seeks approval, of the before 
mentioned exceptions, in order to commercially operate sUAS for the 
purpose of aerial image data acquisition of cellular phone towers. It is 
the belief of Sydor Aerial Photography LLC that sUAS inspection of 
cellular phone towers is a safer alternative to the current practice that 
requires individuals to climb cellular phone towers to gather 
photographs of critical structural objects and components. 

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes it's petition for exception 
satisfies the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012
(size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and 
populated areas, operation within visual line of sight, and national 
security)provide adequate justification for the grant of the requested 
exemptions. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC further believes that it's petition for 
exception exceeds the level of safety established in the exemptions 
already granted, including Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 
11080. 

 

Sincerely, 

Anthony Sydor 

 

 

 
