April 6, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11296
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0998

Mr. Anthony Sydor
CEO
Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC
1046 Autumn Lakes Circle, 3B
Mishawaka, IN 46544

Dear Mr. Sydor:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 28, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

Relative to this grant of exemption, Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of
         any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
 

November 28, 2014
 

U. S. Department of Transportation Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE Washington, DC 20590 

Re: Exemption Request Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Reform 
Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 
61.113(a) & (b) 91.119(c) 91.151(a) 91.405(a) 91.407(a)(1) 
91.409(a)(2)91.417(a) & (b). 

Dear Sir or Madam:  

 

     MSWLF (Municipal Solid Waste Landfills) provide a valuable 
resource to the community in which they serve. However, it is also an 
inherently hazardous environment. During normal landfill operations 
workers are exposed to potentially hazardous contaminants such as 
methane, dust, bacteria, bioaerosa, coliforms, fecal streptococci, 
carbon dioxide, ammonia, hydrogen sulfide, microorganisms, and 
fungal spores, as well as various volatile organic compounds not 
listed. 

     MSWLF (Municipal Solid Waste Landfills) is a dynamic ever 
changing environment. Heavy equipment operators and other MSWLF 
employees are at risk for bodily injury due to unforeseen terrain 
changes due to the mass movement of waste. 

     Regularly scheduled aerial surveys / inspections can assist the 
MSWLF operator in tracking compaction rates and remaining void 
space. Aerial surveys / inspections can also be used to provide a 
basis for environmental impact studies, historical pictorial records, and 
accident documentation. 

     The premature closure, or operational suspension of a MSWLF has 
a significant impact on local municipalities, cities and states in which 
they operate. Additionally the planning, building and operating a new 
landfill is not inexpensive or an easy task. As the amount of waste 

 
 

accumulates in current landfills, the MSWLF operator must be able to 
maximize the usage of their MSWLF. 

     Current inspection methods include manned aerial and land survey 
operations. The expense of both procedures can be significant. The 
most accurate MSWLF survey / inspection methodology employs the 
use of manned aircraft. Manned aerial surveys / inspections are also 
the most expensive. Land survey operations of MSWLF is less 
accurate and exposes those individuals to the hazards associated with 
MSWLF. 

     Safe flight UAS operations can provide the MSWLF operator an 
economical means of obtaining valuable information that can be used 
to improve safety and efficiency at MSWLF's.  

     By increasing the frequency of MSWLF data sets, MSWLF 
operators can efficiently manage day to day operations. Additionally, 
having updated image maps can aid first responders in case of fire, 
accidents or other situations in which emergency crew members must 
respond. 

 

  

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC Petitions the Federal Aviation 
Administration to conduct UAS flights over MSWLF's. UAS flights will 
be used to capture aerial photos for the purpose of providing the 
MSWLF operator with orthomosaics (image maps). The image maps 
can in turn be used to compute volume, create 3D models, profile and 
contour lines, and 3D visualizations of MSWLF's.  

     Post flight editing of orthomosaics will ensure that images captured 
are only of the MSWLF operating theatre.   

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC specializes in the gathering and 
post processing of image maps. Our experience in sUAS operations 
and project completion gives us the expertise to conduct safeflight 

 
 

sUAS operations. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC takes a planned 
tactical approach to data gathering by optimizing and reviewing the 
most efficient flight plan. This knowledge base has come through 
years of piloting, maintaining, and repairing sUAS. 

    Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act 
of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Sydor Aerial 
Photography LLC petitions  the FAA to allow safe flight operation of its 
sUAS for the purpose of conducting aerial photography and 
videography of active and closed MSWLF's. Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation 
Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so 
long as such operations are conducted within and under the 
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA in an 
exemption granted under either Section 333 or Section 49 U.S.C. §
44701(f). 

 

 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC has set forth conditions that are 
consistent with the equivalent level of safety set forth in Exemption 
11062 and the related exemptions issued to sUAS companies for 
scripted closed set filming for the motion picture and television 
industry. 

 

 

     As described more fully below, the requested exemption would 
permit the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive 
sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited, 2) 
predetermined, 3) controlled as to access, and 4) would provide safety 
enhancements to the already safe operations in the fields in which it 
will operate, presently using manned aircraft or ground inspection 
survey teams. The later places personnel at increased risk of bodily 

 
 

injury and airborne  contaminants. Approval of this exemption would 
thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's 
(the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "...establish requirements 
for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace 
system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. 

 

The name and address of the applicant is: 

 

       Sydor Aerial Photography, LLC 

       1046 Autumn Lakes Circle, 3B 

       Mishawaka, IN 46544 

       Attn: Anthony Sydor, CEO 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 

14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c) 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) 
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a)14 C.F.R. 407(a)(1) 14 C.F.R. 409(a)(2)  

14 C.F.R. 417(a) & (b) 

    This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill 
Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform 
Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider 
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the 
national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking 
required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this 
determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of 
UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose 
a threat to national security in light of the following: 

  · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability  

  · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and   

         populated areas and  

  · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the  

         operator.  

    Reform Act § 333(b). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such 
vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the 
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such 
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. at § 333(c) 
 

    The Federal Aviation Act, in addition to the authority granted by 
Section 333 of Reform Act, expressly grants the FAA the authority to 
issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes 

 
 

exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under Section 40101 of 
the Act, which includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil 
aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate. 

    The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a 
regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of Section 333 or any 
Sections 4470244716 of the Transportation Act if the Administrator 
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See 
also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a) 49 U.S.C. § 44704 14 C.F.R. §
91.203(a)(1). This authority to grant exemptions reaches such issues 
as authorization of commercial operation of aircraft without a pilot's 
license. 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC is a 100% veteran owned company 
that specializes in the gathering of aerial photos for the purpose of 
rendering survey grade orthomosaics or image maps with small 
UAS's. Based upon the spirit of Section 333, and the continuing 
integration of small UAS's into the NAS, Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC has limited its petition to inspection and surveying of active and 
closed MSWLF.  

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC operates a multirotor UAS 
(quadcopter) weighing 1160g with payload. Maximum manufacturer's 
safe flight speed is less than 15m/s. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC 
will not exceed 10m/s during UAS operation. 

    UA will not exceed 400 ft (AGL) and will only be operated within line 
of sight of the PIC and VO. 

    UAS flights will only be performed over MSWLFs and only with 
written permission by the MSWLF operator or governing body 
overseeing the operation and safety of the MSWLF. 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC submits "UAS safe flight operations 
manual", as it pertains to MSWLF UAS operations as Exhibit A. 

    Sydor Aerial Photography LLC submits the "UAS manufacturer 
flight and operational manual" as Exhibit B. 

    Operational compliance of Exhibit A and B shall insure safe flight 
operations within the MSWLF theatre. Compliance outlined in Exhibit 
A and B shall also insure safe flight UAS operations within the NAS.  

 

 

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC proposes to operate a small UAS 
within the sterile confines of active and closed landfills for the purpose 
of creating 2D and 3D orthomosaics or image mapping. The 
completed orthomosaic will be survey grade quality. The ability to 
create accurate aerial survey maps with a UAS does not require the 

 
 

UAS to operate at a height greater than 400 ft (AGL) from the highest 
point of the landfill. Survey grade aerial maps from a UAS are best 
achieved at a height between 100250 ft (AGL) from the highest point 
of the landfill. UAS operations will not be operated outside of the PIC 
(Pilot in Charge) and the VO (visual observer) line of sight.  

     Given the height required for the UAS operation, as it relates to 
inspection and surveying active and closed landfills, and the mostly 
rural environment that MSWLF operate in, Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC proposes that its UAS operation will have no adverse affect on 
the National Airspace (NAS). 

     Employees at municipal solid waste landfills (MSWLF) must 
comply with OSHA (Occupational Health and Safety Act) standards 
and practices. This includes wearing proper PPE (Personal Protective 
Equipment). PPE includes, but is not limited to hardhats, gloves, 
protective eyewear, reflective vest. Given the sparse population within 
the MSWLF and the current safety regulations, Sydor Aerial 
Photography LLC proposes that UAS operations over MSWLF's 
should be considered "safeflight".   

  

 

     Due to the restricted UAS operating area and nature of MSWLF's, 
damage to property is considered minimal. In the event that personal 
property is damaged by the UAS operation, Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC will hold insurance coverage that covers any damage that may 
occur. 

 

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC proposes that the exemption requested 
herein apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics and that 
operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for 

 
 

an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the 
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations 
represent a safety enhancement to the operations normally conducted 
with manned aircraft. 

These limitations and conditions to which Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations 
under an FAA issued exemption include: 

  1. The UAS must weigh less than 25 lbs., including battery and 
       camera. Operations will be limited to the aircraft described in 
       Exhibit B 

  2. The UA may not be flown faster than recommended by the 
       manufacturer. Sydor Aerial Photography LLC will not operate the 
       UA faster than 10m/s. 

  3. UAS operations will be conducted below 400 ft above ground 
       level (AGL). The height of the UA will not exceed 400 ft (AGL). 

   4. The UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the 
       PIC at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human 
       vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as 
       specified on the PIC's FAA issued thirdclass medical certificate.  

   5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be 
       used to satisfy the VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC always 
       maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to 
       communicate verbally at all times. 

   6. The operator will be bound by and follow Exhibits A & B. Any 
       additional requirements identified in the final conditions for this 
       exemption will be added to Exhibits A & B . Exhibits A & B will be 
       maintained and made available to the Administrator upon 
       request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and 
       limitations in the final exemption and the procedures outlined in 
       Exhibits A & B, the conditions and limitations of the exception will 

 
 

       take precedence and will be followed. Otherwise, the operator 
       will follow the procedures as outlined in Exhibits A & B.  

   7. The operator will update or revise its Exhibits A & B. It will be the 
       operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present 
       updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon 
       request. The operator will also present updated and revised 
       documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the 
       operator determines that any update or revision would affect the 
       basis for which the FAA granted this exemption, then the 
       operator will petition for amendment to their exemption. The 
       operator will contact the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS80) 
       with questions that may arise regarding updates or revisions to 
       Exhibits A & B. 

    8. Prior to each flight the PIC will inspect the UAS to ensure it is in 
       safe flight condition. The procedures for preflight inspection and 
       functional viability of all UAS components is outlined in Exhibit A 
       & B 

    9. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that 
       affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g., 
       replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo two 
       functional tests outlined in Exhibit C. The PIC who conducts the 
       functional tests will make an entry into the sUAS maintenance 
       record. Specific procedures for the sUAS functional tests is 
       submitted as Exhibit C. 

  10. The operator will comply with the manufacturer's 
       recommendations pertaining to maintenance, inspection and 
       replacement of UAS components. The maintenance manual, 
       submitted as Exhibit C, outlines these components.  

  11. The PIC will have at least a current private pilot certificate and a 
       current thirdclass medical certificate. The PIC will also meet the 

 
 

       flight review requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an 
       aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his/her pilot certificate. 

  12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of gathering aerial 
       data, the PIC will have accumulated and logged, in a manner 
       consistent with 14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), a minimum of 300 flight 
       cycles and 30  hours of total time as a UAS multirotor aircraft 
       pilot and at least 20 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar 
       UAS type. Prior documented flight experience that was obtained 
       in compliance with applicable regulations will be used to satisfy 
       this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experiencebuilding 
       flights may also be conducted under this grant of exemption to 
       accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During 
       training, proficiency, and experiencebuilding flights, all persons 
       not essential for flight operations will be considered 
       nonparticipants, and the PIC will operate the UA with 
       appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 
       C.F.R. § 91.119.  

  13. Prior to any UAS operations by a grant of exemption the PIC and 
       VO will have completed a qualification process outlined in Exhibit 
       D. Exhibit D includes basic flight maneuvers, skilled flight 
       maneuvers, advanced flight maneuvers, and emergency 
       procedures. The qualifying process outlined in Exhibit D will be 
       implemented by a qualified person designated by the operator. 
       Upon request the record of qualifying completion will be made 
       available to the administrator. 

  14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of gathering aerial 
       data, a flight demonstration, administered by an 
       operatorapproved and qualified pilot will be successfully 
       completed and documented. This documentation will be 
       available for review upon request by the Administrator. Because 
       the knowledge and airmanship test qualifications will be 
       developed by the operator, and there are no established 
       practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA Flight 

 
 

       Standards District Office (FSDO) evaluation and approval of 
       company designated examiners, the Operator will conduct these 
       tests In accordance with Exhibit D. 

 15. The UAS will not be operated directly over any person, except 
       authorized and consenting personnel necessary for the purpose, 
       below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the 
       surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency. 

  16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, Exhibit A 
       establishes safety mitigations for authorized and consenting 
       personnel. At all times, those persons must be essential to the 
       sUAS operation.    

  17. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator 
       will ensure that no persons are allowed within 500 ft of the area 
       except those consenting to be involved and necessary for the 
       sUAS operation. 

  18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its Global Positioning 
       System (GPS) signal, the UAS will be programmed to return to a 
       predetermined location within the security perimeter and land or 
       be recovered in accordance with the Exhibit A&B. 

  19. The UAS will abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles 
       or emergencies in accordance with the Exihbit A&B 

  20. Each UAS operation will be completed within 20 minutes of flight 
       time or with 30% battery power remaining, whichever occurs 
       first. 

  21. The operator will obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued 
       Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting 
       any operations under an exemption. The operator will request a 
       Notice to Airman not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less 
       than 48 hours prior to the operation.  

 
 

  22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption will be 
       identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 
       C.F.R. Part 47, and have identification (N Number) markings in 
       accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, subpt.C. Markings will be as 
       large as practicable. 

  23. The operator will develop procedures to document and maintain 
       a record of the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, 
       alterations, status of replacement/overhaul component parts, and 
       the total time in service of the UAS. These procedures will be 
       added to Exhibit C. 

  24. Each UAS operated under this exemption will comply with all 
       manufacturer safety bulletins, firmware, software updates and 
       will be documented and updated in Exhibit A & B. 

  25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum 
       used for operation and control of the UA will comply with the 
       Federal Communications Commission (FCC). 

           A) Radio Control Model No. PVT 581. FCC ID: 553201309581 

           B) Range Extender Model No. RE 500. FCC ID: SS3              

              RE500130 

  26. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will 
       be available to the PIC at the ground control station of the UAS 

       any time the aircraft is operating. These documents will be made 

       available to the administrator, or governing body upon request. 

  27. The UAS will remain clear and yield the right of way to all other 
       manned operations and activities at all times (including, but not 
       limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing 
       activities, hang gliders, etc.).   

 
 

  28. UAS operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in 
       14 C.F.R. § 1.1. Operations will only be conducted under visual 
       meteorological conditions (VMC).  

  29. The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from any moving device 
       or vehicle. 

  30. The UA will not be operated less than 500 ft below or less than 
       2,000 ft horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 
       statute miles. 

  31. The UA will not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without 
       written approval from the FAA. The UA will not operate within 5 
       nautical miles of the geographic center of a nontowered airport 
       as denoted on a current FAApublished aeronautical chart unless 
       a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, 
       and the operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as 
       required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the 
       airport management will be made available to the Administrator 
       upon request. 

  32. Incidents, accidents or flight operation that transgresses the 
       lateral or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined 
       by the applicable COA will be reported to the Federal Aviation 
       Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS80) within 24 
       hours. Accidents will be reported to the National Transportation 
       Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB 
       web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations will not be 
       conducted until the incident or accident is reviewed by AFS80 
       and authorization to resume operations is provided. 

 

 

 

 
 

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: 
Pilot in Command 

Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial 
operations. Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the 
proposed operations can achieve the same level of safety of current 
operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private 
pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license in order to 
safely operate sUAS. As outlined in Exhibit A, all sUAS operations are 
carefully preplanned flights with written approval of MSWLFs 
operating agents prior to any operations. The level of safety provided 
by the requirements included in Exhibits A & B exceeds that provided 
by a single person holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a 
manned aircraft. The risks associated with the sUAS operation within 
the operational area are so diminished from the level of risk 
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 that 
allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as 
the PIC meets and exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 
C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b).  

The FAA has granted exemptions for private pilots to conduct similar 
operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

 

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes 

Section 91.119 sets forth safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. 
Section 91.119(c) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the 
minimums prescribed, providing that the person operating the 
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for 
helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is similar 
to a helicopter, and the exemption requests authority to operate at 
altitudes up to 400 ft AGL, an exemption will be needed to allow 
operations. Because the aerial data sets do not require flights greater 
than 400 ft (AGL), Sydor Aerial Photography LLC will not operate the 
UA at or greater than 400 ft (AGL). 

 
 

The FAA has previously granted exemptions to conduct similar 
operations in Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

 

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an 
airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast 
weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of 
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ 1) During 
the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or 2) At night, to fly 
after that for at least 45 minutes." 

The 5200mAh lithium polymer smart battery powering the sUAS 
provides approximately 25 minutes of flight. In order to meet the 
30minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151,  the sUAS 
flights would not be able to operate. Given the powered flight 
limitations of the sUAS within the restricted flight area of MSWLFs, a 
longer time frame for flight is reasonable. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes that an exemption from 14 
C.F.R. § 91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior approved 
exemptions. Ex. Exemption 10673. Flight operations via the sUAS 
within the controlled MSWLF operational area with less than 30 
minutes of reserve fuel, does not apply to the original intent of Section 
91.151 (a), given the sUAS size and speed. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes that an equal level of safety 
can be achieved by limiting flights to 20 minutes or 30% of battery 
power whichever occurs first. Limiting sUAS flights to 20 minutes or 
30% battery power allows the PIC adequate time to return the UA to 
its predetermined home landing position. 

Similar exemptions have been approved for other sUAS operations, 
including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808 and Exemptions 
11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

 
 

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a) 407(a)(1) 409(a)(2) 417(a) & (b): 
Maintenance Inspections 

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall 
have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and 
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph 
(c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in Part 
43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft 
in compliance with Part 43. 

The above mentioned sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with 
an airworthiness certificate, therefore these sections do not apply to 
Sydor Aerial Photography LLC. Operational maintenance will be 
performed as outlined in Exhibit C. Due to the size of the UA and its 
camera an equal level of safety will be achieved. In the event of 
mechanical issues, during flight operations, the UA can be safely 
landed. Refer to Exhibit B failsafe procedures. As provided in Exhibits 
A and B the operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order 
before the start of any sUAS operations. In addition, the PIC will 
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance 
performed. Since the operator is the person most familiar with the 
entire sUAS best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy 
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. As outlined in 
Exhibit C annual inspection, maintenance will be performed by an 
independent third party not affiliated with Sydor Aerial Photography 
LLC. 

The FAA has granted exemptions for similar operations in Exemptions 
11062 through 11067 and 11080. 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

     To satisfy 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for 
publication in the Federal Register. 

Sydor Aerial Photography LLC seeks an exemption from the following 
rules: 

14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b) 91.119(c) 91.151(a) 91.405(a) 
91.407(a) (1) 91.409(a)(2) and 91.417(a) & (b)  

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC seeks approval, of the before 
mentioned exceptions, in order to commercially operate sUAS for the 
purpose of image mapping of active and closed MSWLF (Municipal 
Solid Waste Landfills).  

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC Is a veteran owned sUAS company 
specializing in the gathering and post processing of aerial images for 
the purpose of creating survey grade orthomosaics. The sUAS are 
under 55 lbs and operate below 400 ft above AGL. In the spirit of 
Section 333, Sydor Aerial Photography LLC has limited its operating 
theatre to MSWLFs. Given the rural and sterile environment in which 
MSWLFs operate, safe flight sUAS operations can be accomplished. 

     Current surveying methods of MSWLFs include manned aircraft 
missions and/or ground survey teams. The integration of sUAS can 
dramatically reduce the cost of current data gathering methods. 
Additionally, the use of sUAS increases the safety of current data 
gathering methods by limiting the personal required to enter the 
MSWLFs thereby limiting those individuals to the hazards associated 
with mass movement of solid waste. 

     Sydor Aerial Photography LLC believes it's petition for exception 
satisfies the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012
(size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and 
populated areas, operation within visual line of sight, and national 
security) provide adequate justification for the grant of the requested 

 
 

exemptions allowing commercial operation of sUAS for the purpose of 
aerial data gathering over MSWLFs. 
Sydor Aerial Photography LLC further believes that it's petition for 
exception exceeds the level of safety established in the exemptions 
already granted, including Exemptions 11062 through 11067 and 
11080. 
 
Sincerely, 
Anthony Sydor 
 

 
 

 
