August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12320
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1467

Mr. Ronnie Krupa
T. Layne Enterprises LLC dba 4 Forks Media Production
3062 Hogback Hill
P.O. Box 3
Mineral Springs, PA 16855

Dear Mr. Krupa:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of T. Layne Enterprises LLC dba 4 Forks Media Production (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial data collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC dba 4 Forks Media
Production is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC dba 4 Forks Media Production is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics IRIS
         + Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
                                                                                                            4

    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
FROM:
Ronnie Krupa
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC (D.B.A. 4 Forks Media Production)
3062 Hogback Hill
PO Box 3
Mineral Springs, PA 16855
Tel: 814.577.0872
Email: Ronnie@4forksmedia.com

TO:
DOCKET OPERATIONS
ROOM W12-140 OF THE WEST BUILDING
GROUND FLOOR
1200 NEW JERSEY AVENUE, SE.
WASHINGTON, DC, 20590
Regulatory Docket No. _______________

                                PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                    T. Layne Enterprises, LLC

     FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
                 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS

 PART 21, SUBPART H AND SECTIONS §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.109, 91.7(a), 91.121,
     91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b)
                                 CONCERNING COMMERCIAL
                    OPERATION OF 3D Robotics IRIS+ PROFESSIONAL
                              UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                                PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF
               THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012
                                       (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                       Submitted April 28, 2015
TABLE OF CONTENTS
GLOSSARYOFABBREVIATIONS...................................................................................3

SUMMARY.........................................................................................................................4

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER.................................................4

BACKGROUND.................................................................................................................4

BASIS FOR PETITION......................................................................................................5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER......................................................................6

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH T. LAYNE
ENTERPRISES, LLC SEEKS EXEMPTION....................................................................6

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF T. LAYNE ENTERPRISES, LLC FILMS SEEKS AND
THE REASON T. LAYNE ENTERPRISES, LLC SEEKS THE RELIEF......................8

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING T. LAYNE ENTERPRISES, LLC'S REQUEST
WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST ..................................................................10

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT
ADVERSELY AFFECT SAFETY....................................................................................12

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER...............19

ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENT .............................19

CONCLUSION......................................................................................20

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  2     
GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AGL Above Ground Level

ATC Air Traffic Control
ATO Air Traffic Organization

AV Aerial Vehicle
CFR Code of Federal Regulations

COA Certificate of Authorization
FAA Federal Aviation Administration

FAR Federal Aviation Regulation
GCS Ground Control Station

GPS Global Positioning System
LOL Loss of Link

NAS National Airspace System
NOTAM Notice to Airman

PIC Pilot In Command
ROI Region Of Interest

Section 333 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
SO Safety Observer

SOP Standard Operating Procedures
UA Unmanned Aircraft

UAS Unmanned Aircraft System
VFR Visual Flight Rules

VLOS Visual Line of Site
VMC Visual Meteorological Conditions

VTOL Vertical Takeoff and Landing

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA         3     
SUMMARY
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC (Ronnie Krupa) seeks exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R §§61.113(a) & (b), 91.109, 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System
pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA).
This exemption will permit T. Layne Enterprises, LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft
System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and photography of
Real Estate Properties (for homeowners, realtors, home builders, home contractors and /
or home inspectors for real estate marketing and inspection of home exteriors) as well as
filming of special events, film sets, scripted and unscripted television sets and landscape
over certain areas of the United States.

INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC (D.B.A. 4 Forks Media Production) is a production company
based in Pennsylvania specializing in real estate videography, photography, music video
production, special event production with plans to extend into web based film production.

The members of T. Layne Enterprises, LLC have been in the video and entertainment
production business for one year; have produced several business promotional videos,
event videos and real estate videos. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC's objective is to conduct
aerial photography and videography in order to provide high quality digital imaging and
video content to its clients, in particular to homeowners, real estate agents, realtors, home
builders, home contractors, and/or home inspectors for real estate marketing and
inspections of home exteriors utilizing 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS. More specifically, T.
Layne Enterprises, LLC's aerial video and photography operations will serve in the
following areas:
· Aerial photography of houses / residential and commercial buildings
· Aerial videography of houses / residential and commercial buildings
· Aerial event photography
· Aerial event filming
· Aerial Film production
· Aerial location scouting and safety inspection
· Increase public knowledge of UAS and promote safe UAS operations.

The proposed aerial filming will be conducted over private property with controlled
access in the NAS and with the knowledge and permit of the private property's owner.
Unmanned Aircraft Systems: 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks an exemption to operate 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS DRONES for compensation or hire within the NAS. The 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS are vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircrafts
(UAS) with a Ground Control Station (GCS) utilizing electronic tablet or smart phone
systems. The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS have a maximum gross weight of
approximately 2lbs 8oz, while having a length of 19.5 inches width of 19.5 inches,
height of 4 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 29 knots.
The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS is equipped with four main rotors;
driven by Lithium Polymer battery powered electric motors. The 3D Robotics IRIS+

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  4                             
Professional UAS that will be operated by T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will be registered
in accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part
47, Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification
and Registration Marking.

BASIS FOR PETITION
Petitioner, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby
petitions the Administrator to commercially operate the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional
UAS in the National Airspace System (NAS), and for an exemption from the
requirements of 14 C.F.R§§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.109, 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated
with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC's operation of
3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore,
will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart
H. Accordingly, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC requests relief from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent
level of safety will be ensured. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will use experienced personnel
or technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
UASs using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents
(i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics IRIS+ Instruction Manual).
Furthermore, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will document and maintain all maintenance
records for the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks
relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, because the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that it will ensure
that the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS is in an airworthy condition, prior to every
flight, by determining that the UASs are in compliance with the operating documents
(i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics Instruction Manual), and that the
aircraft are in a condition for safe flight. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC also seeks an
exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter Settings, as the
3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS will not have a typical barometric altimeter
onboard. However, altitude information of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UA will
be provided to the PIC via Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio
communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the UA to the GCS for active
monitoring of the flight path. This altitude information, combined with T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC's operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS within visual
line of sight, at or below 200 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section
91.121.
Additionally, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks an exemption from the requirements of
Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. T. Layne

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  5     
Enterprises, LLC submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UA during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC)
under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of
approximately 15 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal
cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes. In accordance with 14 C.F.R. §
11.81,

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC provides the following information in support of its petition
for exemption:

A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner.
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Ronnie Krupa
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC
3062 Hogback Hill
PO Box 3
Mineral Springs, PA 16855
Tel: 814.577.0872
Email: Ronnie@4forksmedia.com

B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks
Exemption.

1. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.7(a). Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the
following:
(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.

2. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.121.
Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in part:
(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
when operating--
(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and
within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
(ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of
this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate
available station; or
(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.

3. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.151(b).
Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b),
states the following:

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  6                           
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

4. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section
91.405(a).
Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall
between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]

5. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section
91.407(a)(1) Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under §
43.7 of this chapter[.]

6. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).
Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --
(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
been approved for return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of
this chapter; or
(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

7. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.417(a) And 91.417(b).
Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:
(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each
registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved
inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and
each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records must
include--
(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
the work performed; and

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA                          7     
(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return
to service.
(2) Records containing the following information:
(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
each rotor.
(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
appliance.
(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required
to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances
are maintained.
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive number and
revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date
when the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration
to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this
chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
return to service.

C. The Extent Of Relief T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks And The Reason T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC The Relief.

2. Extent Of Relief T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks And The Reason T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.7(a).
Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the extent
required to allow T. Layne Enterprises, LLC to determine that the 3D Robotics IRIS+
UAS are in airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in
compliance with the operating documents (i.e., the Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D
Robotics IRIS+ Professional Instruction Manual).
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks the requested relief because the 3D Robotics IRIS+
UAS do not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will ensure that the
3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS is in airworthy condition based upon its compliance with the
operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the
aircraft are in condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  8     
3. Extent Of Relief T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks And The Reason T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.121.
Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow flight
operations of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS, which utilize a barometric
pressure sensor, GPS equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to
downlink altitude information from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station
(GCS). Since the FAA requires that any altitude information concerning UAS operations
be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in feet above ground level (AGL), T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC seeks the requested relief because the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UA's
altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local barometric
pressure or field altitude, before each flight. Considering the limited altitude of the
proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121 is sought to the extent necessary to
comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below. As more fully set
forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will be maintained since the 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS are equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment,
which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior
to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on the heads-up
display of the GCS.

4. Extent Of Relief T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks And The Reason T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.151(b).
Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, is
requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions
(VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), for a total duration of 15 minutes to the first
point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at
least 4.5 minutes. T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks the requested relief because without
an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight time duration of the battery powered 3D
Robotics IRIS+ UA will severely constrain the practicality of any
aerial video or still photo flight operations that T. Layne Enterprises, LLC proposes to
conduct pursuant to this Petition. Significantly, as set forth below, the technical
specifications of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional operating documents, and T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC proposed operating limitations, ensure that
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will safely operate the battery powered 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC),
under visual flight rules (VFR), with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of
13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed,
to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.

5. Extent Of T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks And The Reason T. Layne Enterprises,
LLC Seeks Relief From Section 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
And 91.417(a) & (b).
Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) &
(b) only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC
requests relief from these Sections because the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS do
not require airworthiness certificates. As set forth more fully below, the 3D Robotics

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  9     
IRIS+ Professional UAS meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333 for operation without
an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will use trained
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating
documents (i.e., the Monthly Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional
Instruction Manual). Furthermore, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will document and
maintain all maintenance records for the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS.

D. The Reasons Why Granting T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Request Would Be In The
Public Interest; That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.
Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and
photography of real estate, special events, film sets, and landscape over certain areas of
the United States.
Additionally, use of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS will decrease congestion
of the NAS, reduce pollution, and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably,
the benefits of T. Layne Enterprises, LLC `s proposed operation of the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ UAS will be realized without implicating any privacy issues.

    1. The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.
The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UA are battery powered and serve as a safe,
efficient, and economical alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain
aerial imagery. By reducing the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial
acquisitions, an exemption allowing the use of a 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS would reduce
the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce noise and air pollution, as well as
increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the ground. Furthermore, by
reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS, congestion around airports
caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UA do not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of
manned aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would result in fewer
aircraft that must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure,
arrival, and landing phases of flight operations.

2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The 3D Robotics IRIS+
UAS.
Conducting aerial acquisitions with the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS, instead of
manned aircraft, will greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air
and noise pollution generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight
operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS produce no air pollution, and is the most viable environmentally
conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion engine aircraft
that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography, while burning approximately
20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UA,
while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution,
as the UAS are propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal
combustion engine. By using the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS to perform aerial

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  10     
acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and property in the air and on the ground, which is
usually associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations, will be substantially
reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from the lack of flight crew members located
onboard the aircraft, the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS (weighing approximately 2 pounds 8
ounces, at their maximum gross weights with lengths of 19 inches and with no fuel on
board), has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on the
ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar
operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds with a wingspan of approximately 42
feet, a length of 34 feet, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).

3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The 3D Robotics IRIS+
UAS Will Benefit The Economy.
In addition to being safe and efficient, the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional is also an
economical alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As
such, operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS will allow United States
based companies, like T. Layne Enterprises, LLC, to remain competitive and contribute
to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the rising cost of aviation fuel and the
Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory actions phasing out leaded
aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt new and alternative
technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS is one such technology that not only allows companies greater
operational flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without
the high operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft. By operating the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS, companies such as T. Layne Enterprises, LLC, can remain
competitive and profitable, and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved
financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS, provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending;
improves local, state, and federal tax revenues; and allows companies to invest in
research and development in order to remain competitive both in the United States and
abroad.

4. There Are No Privacy Issues.
Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC proposed operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS
would not implicate any privacy issues. Specifically, the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS will be
operated only in compliance with operating documents (i.e., the Monthly Maintenance
Log, 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional Instruction Manual), which requires property
owner involvement as well as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with
the Federal Aviation Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14
C.F.R. § 91.119.

E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety,
Or How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA              11     
Provided By The Rule From Which T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption.
1. Reasons Why The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Meet The Conditions Of The
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333. In consideration of
the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft
and its operation, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC's operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS
meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Section 333 provides
authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness certification and sets forth
requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or
the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security.
Specifically, FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:
(a) In General.--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall
determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system before completion of the plan and rule-making required by section 332 of
this Act or the guidance required by section 334 of this Act.
(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under
subsection (a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their
size, weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and
populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create
a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a
threat to national security; and
(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
airworthiness certification under section 44704 of title 49, United States
Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft systems
identified under paragraph (1).
(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this
section that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system.

In seeking this exemption, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ UAS can operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as
demonstrated by: (a) the characteristics of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS;
and (b) the specific operating limitations.

a. The Specifications Of The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Demonstrate Its Safe
Characteristics.
The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS does not create a hazard to users of the NAS
or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight,
speed, and operational capability.

i. Technical Specifications Of The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS.
The technical specifications of the 3D Robotics IRIS+

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  12     
Professional UAS is set forth by the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional Specifications and
Data Sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
ii. The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes
Enable The UAS To Remain Within A Defined Operational Area. The 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Professional UAS may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous flight
modes. A complete description of the flight and navigational modes of the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ UAS is provided at pages 11-12 of the 3D Robotics IRIS+, User Manual, attached
hereto as Exhibit B.
iii. The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Are Designed For Automatic Return To
Home Point Or Hover In The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation. When
the Control Link is lost, the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UA will remains stationary, in flight. If,
the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UA does not reacquire control link data from the
GCS, the UA will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UA will return to the home
position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and
shutdown. A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the 3D Robotics IRIS+
UAS are set forth at page 7 of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional User Manual, attached
hereto as B.

iv. The 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional GCS And Its Operation.
A complete description of the operation and specifications of the 3D Robotics IRIS+
GCS and flight control software is provided at pages 8-20 of the 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional User Manual. 3D Robotics IRIS+ User Manual is attached hereto as Exhibit
B.
b. Flight Operations Of 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Are Limited To The Line
Of Sight Of A Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will use a safety observer to assist all pilots during flight time.
c. Flights Of 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS Will Be Conducted Pursuant To
Specific Operating Limitations. In seeking this exemption, proposes to commercially
operate 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific
operating limitations:
1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following
aircraft described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UASs weighing less
than 55 pounds maximum gross weight: 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional Unmanned
Aircraft System. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
petition to amend this grant.
2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
purpose of aerial video and photography for homeowners, Realtors, home builders,
contractors, home inspectors for use in real estate marketing and real estate inspections.
Additionally, aerial video and photography may be conducted on occasional basis for
film and television sets, special events and landscape photography as deemed necessary.
3. The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 29 knots (15 m/s).
4. The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 200 (500 per the User
Manual) feet above ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the
operating documents unless a special request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes
reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  13     
5. The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than

corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.
6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not permitted.

7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and

PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is
not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and

cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure
that the SO can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.

8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not

permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.
9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during

UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
exists between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the

procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained
in the grant of exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator

must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may
update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such

revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request.
The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for

extension or amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption,

then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or

revisions to the operating documents.
10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for

safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been

performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control
Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must

be properly documented in the aircraft records.
11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS

operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must
undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must

make an entry in the aircraft records.
12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable

components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
operating documents.

13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,

alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the
aircraft records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  14     
the signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.
15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturers

Safety Bulletins.
16. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective

action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
17. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's

qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive

and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
vehicles and structures.

18. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. §
1.1. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions

(VMC). If flight at night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA office
closest to proposed area of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR)

are not authorized.
20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as

denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with

a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA.
The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the

Administrator upon request.
21. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet

horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
PIC.

22. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a
predetermined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in

accordance with the operating documents.
23. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in

accordance with the operating documents.
24. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast

weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

25. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of

exemption.
26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and

control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

28. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These

documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
upon request.

29. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
operations and activities at all times.

30. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
31. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  15     
persons (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless:
a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from
the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
operations must cease immediately and/or;
b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller
of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a
safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
does not present an undue hazard, and;
c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present
an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).
32. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from
land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be
conducted.
33. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b)
Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that the equivalent level of safety established by
Section 61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate
the 3D Robotics IRIS+ unless they have read and agreed to adhere to the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ Instruction manual and have had adequate supervised flying time under the
supervision of an experienced operator,
The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110,
11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained
because prior to every flight, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will ensure that the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ UAS is in an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its
operating documents and as stated in the conditions and limitations herein. Additionally,
the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136,
11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  16                            
The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained because
the altitude information of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UA will be provided to the PIC via

GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from
the UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude

information, combined with T. Layne Enterprises, LLC operation of the 3D Robotics
IRIS+ UAS within visual line of sight, at or below 500 feet AGL, will ensure a level of

safety equivalent to Section 91.121. The altitude information will be generated by GPS
equipment installed onboard the aircraft. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation

point is automatically established by the UASs at ground level.
The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in

circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,

11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b)

Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.
A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by

14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the 3D
Robotics IRIS+ UAS; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and

(3) the location of the proposed flight operations. Accordingly, T. Layne Enterprises,
LLC will ensure that it will safely operate the battery powered 3D Robotics IRIS+

Professional UA during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with enough battery power to
fly for a total duration of 13.5 minutes to the first point of intended landing and, assuming

normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 4.5 minutes.
Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the 3D Robotics IRIS+

UAS; the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and the location of the proposed
operations, will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section

91.151(b). Furthermore, safety will be ensured as the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional
UAS provide audible and visual warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UAS

experiences low battery voltage, the first warning occurring at approximately 33%
remaining battery power, and again at approximately 10% remaining battery power. At

the critically low battery level, the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS will descend and land
automatically.

Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and

operating limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned
aircraft to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including

Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted
relief from Section 91.151 specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material

respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042,
11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150,

11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections

91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.

In seeking this exemption, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  17     
by Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be
met because T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will use trained technicians to perform

maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., the Monthly

Maintenance Log, and 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional Instruction Manual).
Furthermore, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will document and maintain all maintenance

records for the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS. Since the 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents, T. Layne

Enterprises, LLC will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ User

Manual is attached hereto as Exhibit B; a copy of the 3D Robotics IRIS+UAS
Maintenance LOG is attached hereto as Exhibit C. Likewise, the exemption sought will

not adversely affect safety because T. Layne Enterprises, LLC will use trained
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive maintenance on the UAS

using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the operating documents.
Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety

established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the
3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS will be performed by trained technicians.

Maintenance will be documented and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.
Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections 91.405(a),

91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not
adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the

UAS are considered. In consideration of T. Layne Enterprises, LLC proposed operating
limitations, the operating documents, and the technical aspects of the 3D Robotics IRIS+

Professional UAS, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC submits that safety will not be adversely
affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and

(a)(2), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has previously granted relief
specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented

herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109,
11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160,

11161).
7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC

requests that the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of the 3D
Robotics IRIS+ UAS, which contain such safety standards that the Administrator finds

necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a),

91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will
permit safe operation of the UAS for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and

photography over certain areas of the United States for compensation or hire. FMRA
Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a

hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security;
and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness

certification in accordance with any requirements that must be established for the safe
operation of the UAS in the NAS. Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  18     
conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, for operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+
Professional UAS, since the airworthiness regulations of 14 C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain
adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or unusual design features of
the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the following:
If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller
because of a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller,
he prescribes special conditions and amendments thereto for the product.
The special conditions are issued in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain
such safety standards for the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds
necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established in the regulations.
See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16. Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. §
21.16, the FAA may prescribe special conditions for T. Layne Enterprises, LLC intended
operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS, which contain such safety standards that the
Administrator finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent to that established
by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121,
91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register, stating: The Rules
From Which T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks Exemption:
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) &
(a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).
A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Seeks:
This exemption will permit T. Layne Enterprises, LLC to commercially operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography over certain areas of the United States.

G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support T. Layne
Enterprises, LLC Request.
This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if
certain UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC request
for exemption may be granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth above. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for
considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security; and further, provides the authority for such
UAS to operate without airworthiness certification. As discussed in detail above, T.
Layne Enterprises, LLC will operate the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS safely in
the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise pose
a threat to national security.

CONCLUSION
As set forth herein, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R.

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  19     
§ 11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA),
which will permit safe operation of the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS
commercially, without an airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting
aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United States. By granting this
Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional mandate of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the interests of the public,
by allowing T. Layne Enterprises, LLC to safely, efficiently, and economically operate
the 3D Robotics IRIS+ UAS commercially within the NAS. WHEREFORE, in
accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, T. Layne Enterprises, LLC respectfully requests that
the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R
Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit T. Layne Enterprises, LLC to
operate the 3D Robotics IRIS+ Professional UAS commercially for the purpose of
conducting aerial video and photography of Real Estate Properties (for homeowners,
realtors, home builders, home contractors and / or home inspectors for real estate
marketing and inspection of home exteriors) as well as filming of special events, film
sets, scripted and unscripted television sets and landscape over certain areas of the United
States.

Dated: April 28, 2015
Respectfully submitted by,
Ronnie Krupa
_________________________
Ronnie Krupa
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC (D.B.A. 4 Forks Media Production)
3062 Hogback Hill
PO Box 3
Mineral Springs, PA 16855
Tel: 814.577.0872
Email: Ronnie@4forksmedia.com

Appendixes:                                                       20     
A ­ 3D Robotics IRIS+ Specifications Data Sheet

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA
B ­ 3D Robotics IRIS+ Manufacturer's User Manual
C ­ Monthly Maintenance Log

APPENDIX ­ A

3D Robotics IRIS+ Technical Specifications
T. Layne Enterprises, LLC only utilizes safe and reliable UASs. 3D Robotics is an
industry leader in small UAS production. 3D Robotics IRIS+ UASs are loaded with
ground breaking software enabling the user to set parameters which will not allow flight
into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set to limit flight to no higher than a
predetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to a predetermined and set distance.
In addition, 3D Robotics IRIS+ software provides real-time altitude and location
information to the PIC via the linked monitor (smart phone/tablet devices)

Autopilot Hardware: Pixhawk
Firmware: APM: Copter3.1
GPS: 3DR uBlox GPS with Compass (LEA-6H module, 5 Hz update)
Telemetry Radio: 3DR Radio Telemetry v2 (915 mHz
Battery: 3S 5.1 Ah 8C lithium polymer
Low battery voltage: 10.5 V
Maximum voltage: 12.6 V
Battery cell limit: 3S
Payload capacity: 400 g (.8 lbs)
Radio range: up to 1 km (.6 miles)
Flight time: 16-22 minutes, depending on payload

APPENDIX ­ B
3D Robotics IRIS+ Manufacturer's User Manual (uploaded in a separate attachment)

APPENDIX ­ C
MONTHLY MAINTENANCE LOG

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  21     
Ronnie Krupa

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC (D.B.A. 4 Forks Media Production)
3062 Hogback Hill

PO Box 3
Mineral Springs, PA 16855

Tel: 814.577.0872
Email: Ronnie@4forksmedia.com

                                                        

T. Layne Enterprises, LLC Petition for Exemption Section 333 FAA  22     
