May 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11619
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0553

Mr. Talbot Martin
Counsel for T&K LLC
Barnett & Borth, LLC
800 Waukegan Road, Suite 200
Glenview, IL 60025

Dear Mr. Martin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 3, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of T&K LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The exemption
would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
survey and photography in support of agricultural operations, surveying and civil engineering
services, and the insurance and finance industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phantom 2 Vision+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, T&K LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, T&K LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phantom 2 Vision+
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                   UNITED  STATES  OF  AMERICA  

                               DEPARTMENT  OF  TRANSPORTATION  
                               FEDERAL  AVIATION  ADMINISTRATION  

                                        WASHINGTON,  DC  

  

  
  

  

  
  

    IN  THE  MATTER  OF  THE  PETITION  OF  EXEMPTION  OF:  

                                         T&K  LLC  

FOR  AN  EXEMPTION  SEEKING  RELEIF  FROM  THE  REQUIREMENTS  OF  TITLE  14  
     OF  THE  CODE  OF  FEDERAL  REGULATIONS  SECTIONS:  

                                           

                                           
                                           

     CONCERNING  COMMERCIAL  OPERATION  OF  THE  "PHANTOM  2  VISION+"  
     UNMANNED  AIRCRAFT  SYSTEM  PURSUANT  TO  SECTION  333  OF  

       THE  FAA  MODERNIZATION  AND  REFORM  ACT  OF  2012  (PUBLIC  LAW  112-95)  

  
  

  
Submitted:  March  3,  2015  

  

  
By:   On  Behalf  of:  

TALBOT  MARTIN                              TIM  NORMAN  

CHARLES  BARNETT,  III                     PRESIDENT  
BARNETT  &  BORTH,  LLC                   T&K  LLC  

800  Waukegan  Road,  Suite  200         501  S.  Towanda  Barnes  
Glenview,  IL  60025                       Bloomington,  IL  61705  

     

o.847.724.5520                               o.309.661.7851  
f.815.356.7042                                 

     
  

  

  
  
                                   Table of Contents

SUMMARY.  ..............................................................................................................................................3     
PROPOSED OPERATIONS.  ................................................................................................................3     

   THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+ UAS .  ................................................................................................................3     
   THE OPERATOR .  .................................................................................................................................................4     
   OPERATING PARAMETERS  .........................................................................................................................4     
REGULATORY STATEMENT.  ..........................................................................................................5     
   PETITIONER'S CONTACT INFORMATION (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(A)) .  .............................................5     

   SECTIONS OF TITLE 14 CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS FOR WHICH RELIEF IS

   SOUGHT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(B)) .  .....................................................................................................................6     
   EXTENT OF RELEIF SOUGHT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(C)).  ...................................................................... 1  0  
   STATEMENT OF PUBLIC INTEREST (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(D)) .  ....................................................... 1  2  

   REASONS WHY A GRANT OF THIS EXEMPTION WILL NOT AFFECT PUBLIC

   SAFETY (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(E)).  .................................................................................................................... 1  3  
   FEDERAL REGISTRY SUMMARY (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(F))  .............................................................. 1  7  
   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IN SUPPORT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(G)).  ........................................ 1  7  

      Documents and Manuals  .................................................................................................................................1   7  
      Proposed specific operating limitations .  ...................................................................................................1   8  
CONCLUSION.  .....................................................................................................................................  23  
  
                                 SUMMARY

Petitioner, T&K LLC, is seeking exemption from the requirements of Title 14 of the
Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.) Part 61 Sections 61.113(a) and (b), Part 91 Sections
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b) in order to commercially operate the Phantom 2 Vision+ Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of aerial survey and photography in support of
agricultural operations (including crop monitoring and inspection), surveying and civil
engineering services, as well as the insurance and finance industries.

This Petition is submitted in accordance with the authority found in Section 333 of The
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of the 2012 and Title 14 C.F.R. Section 11 Subpart
A.

                      PROPOSED OPERATIONS

T&K LLC (T&K or Petitioner) is seeking an exemption that will permit it to perform
aerial photography and surveying services for property owners, individual farmers, agri-
businesses, surveying\engineering companies, and insurance\finance companies. These
services would be used to provide efficiencies and enhance decision-making ability
through aerial based survey and photography. This would be done using conventional
and thermal imaging technology to study and document property condition, crop
photosynthesis\health and also visually inspect farm ground for re-planting, tiling needs,
as well as the need for additional farm inputs. For insurance\finance purposes it will
allow for more thorough and conclusive claim research and documentation when
insurance claims are made at both an individual or catastrophic\regional level.

                           THE PHANTOM 2 VISION+ UAS
The Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS (the "System") is comprised of a small (approximately
three pounds) quad-copter unmanned aircraft (UA or PHANTOM) and a transportable
ground station. While capable of carrying small digital photography equipment during
flight, the electrically powered PHANTOM has an approximate maximum speed of 30
knots and is operated, using the transportable ground station, by a minimum required
flight crew of one, the Operator.

This is the same system which is the subject system in Exemption No. 11138 granted to
Douglas Trudeau, Realtor® on January 5, 2015. Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-
0481.

                                      THE OPERATOR
The proposed Operator, defined as the person who manipulates the controls of the
System, would hold, at minimum, a Private Pilot Certificate.

To the extent the particular operation would dictate it, the Petitioner proposes that the
Operator would have the ability to augment the crew with a visual observer (Observer) to
assist with scanning for collision hazards and maintaining awareness of the PHANTOM's
precise location, as noted in proposed Part 107, the Observer would not be a required
crewmember, and therefore the Petitioner believes that this petition need not require the
Observer to hold any airman certificate.

In addition to the Observer, the Petitioner further proposes that Operator may (as an
operation dictates) augment the crew with an Equipment Operator (EO), who would be
responsible for operation of photographic equipment carried on board the PHANTOM.
The EO would not be permitted to manipulate the flight or navigation controls of the
PHANTOM. Because the Equipment Operator would be analogous to a cameraman, the
Petitioner does not believe that it is necessary for the EO to hold any airman certificate.

                              OPERATING PARAMETERS
T&K LLC is committed to the safe and compliant operation of this System at all
times. Because the PHANTOM does not carry crew or passengers on-board, and
is so much smaller, lighter, and slower than manned aircraft, Petitioner seeks relief
from several aspects of 14 C.F.R. Part 91.
Before each operation, the Operator will inspect the System to ensure that flight
operations can be conducted safely and in accordance with instructions provided by the
manufacturer. Operations will be primarily in rural areas, and primarily over private
property. All operations will be conducted in Class G airspace, or in compliance with
Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) obtained through the Air Traffic
Organization (ATO). Due to the light nature of the PHANTOM, T&K LLC feels that in
situations where it is not possible to operate the PHANTOM more than 500 feet from
non-essential persons, the PHANTOM can still be safely operated so long as those
persons are shielded by barriers or structures that are of sufficient strength to protect
those non-essential persons. Should a non-essential person leave the protection of the
barrier or structure, the Operator would cease operations as quickly as safety permits a
safe landing of the UA.

                    REGULATORY STATEMENT

In accordance with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333,
entitled Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, and 14 C.F.R. §§ 11.61(b)
and 11.81, the Petitioner, through Counsel, submits the following:

      PETITIONER'S CONTACT INFORMATION (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(a))
The name and address of the Petitioner is:

         T&K LLC
         501 S. Towanda Barnes
         Bloomington, IL 61705

The point of contact for purposes of this Petition is:
         Talbot Martin
         Barnett & Borth
         800 Waukegan Rd., Ste. 200
         Glenview, IL 60025

         Tel.847.724.5520
         Fax.815.356.7042
         tmm@barnettlegal.com
   SECTIONS OF TITLE 14 CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS FOR
                WHICH RELIEF IS SOUGHT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(b))

Relief is sought from the following provisions of Title 14 of the Code Of Federal
Regulations:

                                                 Part 61

§ 61.113 (a) and (b), which state:
         Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
             (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person
                  who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an
                  aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire;
                  nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
                  an aircraft.
             (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
                  an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
                  (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
                  (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
                  hire.
                                                 Part 91

§ 91.7(a), which states:
         Civil aircraft airworthiness.
                  (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
                      condition.

§ 91.119, which states:
         Minimum safe altitudes: General.
         Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft
         below the following altitudes:
         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
         without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement,
         or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the
         highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
         except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
         may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
         structure.
         (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
         operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface--

                  (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
                  paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the
                  helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
                  helicopters by the FAA; and
                  (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated
                  at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

§ 91.121(a), which states:
         Altimeter settings.
         a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight
         level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set,
         when operating--
                  (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
                           (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the
                           route and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                           (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph
                           (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported altimeter setting of an
                           appropriate available station; or
                           (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the
                           elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
                           available before departure; or
                  (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.

§ 91.151, which states:
         Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--
                  (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
                  (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to
         the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly
         after that for at least 20 minutes.

§ 91.405(a), which states:
         Maintenance required.
         Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
         shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
         section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

§ 91.407(a)(1), which states:
         Operation after maintenance, preventative maintance, rebuilding, or alteration.
         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
         preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
                  (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
                  §43.7 of this chapter; and...
§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2) which state:
         Inspections
         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
         aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had--
                  (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
                  has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of
                  this chapter; or
                  (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                  accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

§ 91.417(a) and (b) which state:
         Maintenance records.
         (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and 91.413, each
         registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
         specified in paragraph (b) of this section:
                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
                  and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
                  approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
                  airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
                  The records must include--
                           (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                           Administrator) of the work performed; and
                           (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                           (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving
                           the aircraft for return to service.
                  (2) Records containing the following information:
                           (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                           propeller, and each rotor.
                           (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                           propeller, rotor, and appliance.
                           (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the
                           aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a specified time
                           basis.
                           (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                           since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
                           which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
                           (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD)
                           and safety directives including, for each, the method of
                           compliance, the AD or safety directive number and revision date.
                           If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and
                           date when the next action is required.
                           (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this chapter for
                           each major alteration to the airframe and currently installed
                           engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods
         prescribed:
                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
                  retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1
                  year after the work is performed.
                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
                  retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under
                  §43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and
                  the aircraft is approved for return to service.

               EXTENT OF RELEIF SOUGHT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(c))

61.113(a) and (b). Relief is requested to the extent necessary to permit the holder of a
private pilot certificate, with at least a current third-class medical certificate holder to
conduct the proposed flight operations for compensation or hire.
91.7(a). T&K LLC seeks relief from 91.7(a) to the extent that the Phantom 2 Vision+
system is not eligible for an airworthiness certificate under 14 C.F.R. 21 and therefore
can not be airworthy in the context of the regulation.

91.119. Relief is sought from 91.119 due to the unique nature of the proposed operations
and the limited capabilities of the System. T&K LLC can ensure that each operation is
conducted within the requirements of 91.119(a) and is therefore not seeking exemption
from that section of the regulation. With respect to 91.119 (b) and (c) T&K LLC seeks
relief for two reasons. First, the diminutive size and flight envelope of the UA, and the
limited range of the System necessarily restrict operations to that of low level, low speed,
line of sight (with the Operator) operations. Combined with the intent of the operations
primarily being the survey and photography of property; commercial operation simply
could not be done without exemption. Second, while not a manned helicopter, the
PHANTOM is more analogous to a helicopter than other aircraft, which a private pilot is
permitted to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of
section 91.119 so long as the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or
property on the surface. 14. C.F.R. § 91.119(d).

91.121. Relief is sought from 91.121 due to the design of the system. While not
possessing an altimeter that can be set in compliance with the regulation, however the
System contains barometric altimeter and GPS derived altitude capabilities. That being
said, T&K is not proposing relief to the extent that the Operator is not expected to check
the System settings prior to each flight.

91.151. T&K requests relief from 91.151 due to the limited design range and associated
battery storage capacity.

91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Due to the fact that
the PHANTOM aircraft and the larger System are not certificated pursuant to Part 21, nor
issued airworthiness certificates, and due to the fact that the technology of the System is
so different from traditional manned aircraft, the System does not fit well into the
regulatory scheme of Part 91 Subpart E. As such T&K seeks relief from the above noted
regulations. However, T&K will maintain all maintenance records related to the system.
T&K does not intend to document each battery replacement or charge, however, because
the battery is analogous to fuel in manned aircraft, and documenting each charge would
be as laborious as documenting each fueling of a certificated aircraft in that aircraft's
maintenance records.

          STATEMENT OF PUBLIC INTEREST (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(d))
The public benefits commensurate with the commercial operation of the Phantom 2
Vision+ UAS by T&K LLC are numerous. By implementing this technology into the
National Airspace System in a deliberate and limited way, the public's interest will be
served in that environmental impacts will be lessened, economies will be more efficient
and relative public safety will increase.

This technology will serve to reduce present environmental impacts, and prevent future
negative impacts. Being an incredibly small, electrically powered System environmental
impacts are mitigated when this system is used in place of present approved manned
aircraft operations. Because neither leaded avgas nor jet fuel is burned, the System itself
has low impact. The low weight and tiny motors not only reduce fuel consumption, but
reduce noise in the environment and reduce the likely hood of other negative
environmental impacts such as bird strikes and fuel spills.

Because the System is so small, cheap and quick to deploy, yet retains the ability to
return incredibly detailed information, crops can be monitored more closely for less cost,
and as such the need to dispense agricultural chemicals can be further minimized.
Infrastructure such as roads, bridges, pipelines, can be quickly assessed without the need
for heavy equipment such as trucks, cranes, hoists and aircraft that run on fossil fuels.
Additionally, with this technology deployed, studies regarding all aspects of land use,
soil, topography, become possible where they previously were not due to economic
reasons. The information collected by T&K for their consumers will have a broader
environmental impact that will benefit everyone, not just the customer.

When this System is used in support of commercial operations, the public at large will
benefit from the efficiencies that this system brings into the aerial survey market. UAS
services in agriculture will allow farmers to have access to aerial based crop studies
performed on a more timely basis which will allow them to reduce input costs (fuel,
fertilizer, chemicals, etc.) allowing for more efficient crop production. In support of
agricultural operations, UAS operation will provide the American consumer with lower
food prices and better gains from the export of those agricultural products.

In support of the insurance and financial industries, pools of the insured will see lower
premiums as a result of lower costs of claims administration and better future risk
analysis derived from the collected information.

For both individual and wide-scaled disasters, the use of UAS's will allow the insurance
companies a more efficient way of assessing the assets necessary to service their
policyholder needs. They will be able to align their teams closely to the disaster paths at
their disaster sites and allow them to visually inspect more frequently where their teams
have been as well as where they need to go. The use of UAS's in disaster scenarios will
not only allow the insurance companies to better service their policyholders, but will
ensure that life safety measures are even more enhanced during widespread disaster
scenarios. Through the use of thermal based imaging, not only will photosynthesis
studies be possible, but it will also be possible to be used for disaster\recovery services
during regional disasters.

REASONS WHY A GRANT OF THIS EXEMPTION WILL NOT AFFECT
                        PUBLIC SAFETY (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(e))

T&K LLC is firmly convinced that this product will not affect public safety in any
adverse way, but will in fact enhance it.
With respect to the safe operation of the aircraft, the Administrator, in exemption No.
11138 has already evaluated the technical specifications of the aircraft. In noting it's
small size, limited speed and numerous safety features (such as low battery autonomous
landing, lost-link event autonomous procedures, auto-pilot and stability control, to name
a few), T&K believes that the Administrator's finding that this System can be safely
operated in the NAS system was correct.

In order to ensure that safety, T&K would utilize a certificated pilot as the Operator, and
abide by common sense operating limitations to ensure that the safety of the public is
ensured. A list of proposed specific operating limitations is included in the additional
information section, below. The Petitioner is only seeking relief from very specific
regulations that relate to the operation of this System, and is suggesting specific
alternative procedures to ensure safety in lieu of those regulations from which Petitioner
is seeking relief.

T&K further notes that by replacing certain manned operations with operations
conducted by this small System, public safety will actually be enhanced. In those
operations where traditional manned aircraft are presently used, the public bears the risk
of the crash of a much larger, heavier vehicle travelling at a much higher rate of speed.
Furthermore, many of those manned operations contribute to congestion in the NAS, and
as such an increased risk of collision with other aircraft. Because the PHANTOM will be
operated away from the airport environment, the airport environment being the location
of the highest risk of collision, using this aircraft in place of a manned aircraft reduces the
risk of collision.

With respect to each particular regulation for which relief is sought, T&K believes safety
is insured:
61.113(a) and (b). Relief is requested to the extent necessary to permit the holder of a
private pilot certificate, with at least a current third-class medical certificate holder to
conduct the proposed flight operations for compensation or hire.

T&K notes that private pilots are allowed to operate aircraft for compensation or hire so
long as doing so is incidental to their business and they do not carry passengers. This is
done in much heavier, faster aircraft, which pose a greater risk to persons or property on
the ground. In the case of PHANTOM, the aircraft, through it's limited speed and weight
poses much less risk of harm to those on the surface. The fact that the very small UA
will be operated in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions and over limited
parcels of land, combined with it's limited range, negates the long cross-country flying
experience required for a commercial pilot certificate. Therefore Petitioner believes that
an equivalent level of safety with respect to manned aircraft is met with a minimum
certification level of Private Pilot

91.7(a). T&K LLC seeks relief from 91.7(a) to the extent that the Phantom 2 Vision+
system is not eligible for an airworthiness certificate under 14 C.F.R. 21 and therefore
can not be airworthy in the context of the regulation. The Operator can, before each
flight, determine whether or not the aircraft is capable of safe flight by visually inspecting
the System, accomplishing appropriate pre-flight inspections, and ensuring compliance
with the manufacturers operating manuals and therefore an equivalent level of safety will
be met.

91.119. Relief is sought from 91.119 due to the unique nature of the proposed operations
and the limited capabilities of the System. T&K LLC can ensure that each operation is
conducted within the requirements of 91.119(a) and is therefore not seeking exemption
from that section of the regulation. With respect to 91.119(b) and (c) T&K LLC seeks
relief for two reasons. First, the diminutive size and flight envelope of the UA, and the
limited range of the System necessarily restrict operations to that of low level, low speed,
line of sight (with the Operator) operations. Combined with the intent of the operations
primarily being the survey and photography of property; commercial operation simply
could not be done without exemption. Second, while not a manned helicopter, the
PHANTOM is more analogous to a helicopter than other aircraft, which a private pilot is
permitted to operate at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of
section 91.119 so long as the operation is conducted without hazard to persons or
property on the surface. 14. C.F.R. § 91.119(c).

With respect to operating the PHANTOM over or near a structure, T&K would like point
out that it is often more dangerous for those involved if a person were to, for example,
fall off of a roof or a ladder, or drop a heavy tool such as a hammer, than it would be for
this three pound PHANTOM to fall, so long as the Operator ensures that he has
permission from the owner and requires that any structure the PHANTOM is operated
over or near is not occupied, nor are people in the immediate vicinity, a high level of
safety can be achieved.

Due to the Systems limitations with respect speed and altitude, it's light weight, and
ability to maneuver like a helicopter (with an equally trained Private Pilot Operator), and
a restriction than any structure flown over with permission and only when unoccupied,
T&K respectfully submits that an equivalent level of safety is assured if relief is granted
from 91.119 (b) and (c).

91.121. Relief is sought from 91.121 due to the design of the system. While not
possessing an altimeter that can be set in compliance with the regulation, an equivalent
level of safety can be met due to the fact that the System contains barometric altimeter
and GPS derived altitude capabilities, thus ensuring an equivalent level of safety. That
being said, T&K is not proposing relief to the extent that the Operator is not expected to
check the System settings prior to each flight.

91.151. T&K requests relief from 91.151 due to the limited battery storage capacity.
Petitioner feels that a good balance of safety and utility can be met if the Operator is
permitted to plan and initiate a daytime VFR flight to the first intended point of landing,
at normal cruising speed which would require no more than 70% battery power. This
System possesses several safety features with respect to power, including a low battery
warning that first alerts at 30% remaining, and an automated landing function when a low
battery is detected by the System. Should conditions change during the flight, this will
leave 30% battery capacity to fly to a safe alternative landing zone.

91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b). Due to the fact that
the PHANTOM aircraft and the larger System are not certificated pursuant to Part 21, nor
issued airworthiness certificates, and due to the fact that the technology of the System is
so different from traditional manned aircraft, the System does not fit well into the
regulatory scheme of Part 91 Subpart E. As such T&K seeks relief from the above noted
regulations. In order to ensure an equivalent level of safety, T&K will use trained
technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS
using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the manufacturer's manuals.
T&K will maintain all maintenance records related to the system. T&K does not intend
to document each battery replacement or charge, however, because the battery operated
systems are analogous to fuel in manned aircraft, and documenting each charge would be
as laborious as documenting each fueling of a certificated aircraft in that aircraft's
maintenance records.

            FEDERAL REGISTRY SUMMARY (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(f))
  
T&K LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a)&(b),
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and
91.417(a)& (b).
  
This exemption will permit T&K LLC to commercially operate an Unmanned Aircraft
System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial survey and photography within the
United States.

     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IN SUPPORT (14 C.F.R. § 11.81(g))

                                       Documents and Manuals
  
The documents and manuals for the Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS can be found at:
http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus/download. These documents are
incorporated into this petition by reference. However, due to file size limitations they are
not being attached.

                              Proposed specific operating limitations
  

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following
         aircraft described in the operating documents which is a quad-rotor aircraft
         weighing less than 3 pounds: PHANTOM 2 Vision+ Unmanned Aircraft System.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
         to amend this grant.

    2. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

    3. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground
         level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents.
         All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

    4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot In
         Command (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision
         unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's
         FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

    5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated
         within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be
         used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
         Such communications may be augmented through the use of radios or other
         technology so long as not to interfere with the operation of the UAS. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for
         the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the
         functions prescribed in the operating documents.

    6. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during
         UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
    discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
    the procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations
    herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must
    follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may
    update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track
    such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator
    upon request. The operator must also present updated and revised documents if he
    petitions for extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator
    determines that any update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA
    granted this exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant
    of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
    questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.

7. Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
    safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of
    the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance
    has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The
    Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All
    maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
    characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make
    an entry in the aircraft records.

9. The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
    discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already
    covered in the relevant sections of the operating documents.

10. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
    maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance,
    inspection, and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total
    flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the signature of the
    authorized person returning the UAS to service.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    Safety Bulletins.

13. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14. UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot
    certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also
    meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in
    which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial survey or photography (or
    similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
    consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS
    rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-
    rotor UAS. Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance
    with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency,
    and experience-building flights can also be conducted under this grant of
    exemption to accomplish the required flight time. However, said training
    operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to
    operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

16. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial survey or photography (or
    similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
    consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating
    the make and model of the UAS to be used in operations under the exemption; 5
    hours make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time
    prescribed above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the
    preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency, experience-
    building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this
    grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency.
    However, said training operations may only be conducted during dedicated
    training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights the
     PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with
    14 CFR 91.119.

17. The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose aerial
    survey or photography (or similar operations), unless the PIC has demonstrated
    and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to safely
    operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under
    this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
    appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

18. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the
    PIC.

20. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
    determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
    accordance with the operating documents.

21. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies
    in accordance with the operating documents.

22. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and
    forecast weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed
    to the intended landing point and land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.
23. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations in Class E
    airspace. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to
    that operation.

24. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
    serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
    identification (N- Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart
    C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

25. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
    and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications
    Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency
    requirements.

26. The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
    enforcement official upon request.

27. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
    operations and activities at all times.

28. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

29. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:

         a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
             persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The
             operator must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such
             protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such
             protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
                  immediately and/or;

             b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                  owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                  permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
                  operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an
                  undue hazard, and;

             c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do
                  not present an undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).

    30. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative.
         Permission from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be
         obtained for each flight to be conducted.

    31. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by an applicable COA must be
         reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours.
         Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the
UAS operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not
limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

                              CONCLUSION

As set forth above, T&K LLC seeks an exemption from certain parts of the Federal
Avaition Regulations to permit T&K to operate a Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS, for
compensation or hire, commercially in the United States for the purposes of conducting
aerial photography and survey. T&K believes that a grant of exemption is in the public
interest and that public safety will not be negatively affected. By use of an unmanned
system in scenarios where manned aircraft are traditionally operated T&K believes that
public safety will actually be enhanced.

 PETITIONER, T&K LLC, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and
 the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, respectfully requests
 that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of
 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and (c), 91.121, 91.151(b),
 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), and permit
 T&K LLC to operate the Phantom 2 Vision+ UAS commercially for the purpose of
 conducting aerial survey and photography over certain areas of the United States.

                                                               Respectfully Submitted,
                                                               BARNETT & BORTH, LLC

                                                               /S/ Talbot Martin
                                                               ________________________
                                                               TALBOT  MARTIN,  ESQ.  
                                                               CHARLES  BARNETT,  III  
                                                               BARNETT  &  BORTH,  LLC  
                                                               800  Waukegan  Road,  Suite  200  
                                                               Glenview, IL 60025
                                                               o. 847.724.5520
                                                               f. 815.356.7042
