June 9, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11786
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0995

Ms. Tabitha Femmer
President
Viznu, LLC.
204 Stonington Drive
Lafayette, LA 70503

Dear Ms. Femmer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 2, 2015, you (hereinafter petitioner or operator) petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photos and videos of real estate listings.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and a DJI Spreading Wings
S1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Tabitha Femmer is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Tabitha Femmer is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
         DJI Spreading Wings S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

April 02, 2015

 U. S. Department of Transportation
 Docket Management System
 1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
 Washington, DC 20590

 Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14

 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109;
 119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a)&(b)

 Dear Sir or Madam,

 Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform
 Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, I, Tabitha Femmer, an owner and operator of Small
 Unmanned Aircraft Systems "(sUAS") equipped to conduct aerial photos and videos of
 real estate listings, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
 Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of my sUASs, so long as such
 operation is conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be
 established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

 As described herein I, Tabitha Femmer, am the owner of VIZNU, LLC which services
 the real estate industry in Louisiana and an affiliate member of the Realtor Association
 of Acadiana; experienced in flying hobby helicopters for recreational purposes. I have
 added a hobby grade quad-copter1 UAS to my inventory equipped with a GoPro4+
 Black camera with intent for aerial videography/cinematography to enhance
 academic community awareness for those individuals and companies unfamiliar with
 the geographical layout of the Acadiana and Baton Rouge area, and augment real
 estate listing videos; following exemption and approval by the FAA. Thereby
 enhancing their academic research experience for the Acadiana area. I plan to add a
 second quad-copter2 to my inventory in the future with comparable safety capabilities.

 I have flown small ultra light weight, unmanned (piloted by remote control) for over two
 (2) years without incident. Committed to safety with each flight. My, Tabitha Femmer's,
 exemption request would permit operation of ultra light weight, unmanned (piloted by
 remote control) and comparatively inexpensive UAS(s) in tightly controlled and limited
 airspace.3 Predetermined in areas away from general public, airports, heliports and
 vehicular traffic for community videos, and within property boundaries for individual
 homeowner real estate listing videos/photos. Currently, similar lightweight, remote
 controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no
 safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. I, Tabitha Femmer, have
 personally instilled safety

   Page  1  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

  1 Appendix A ­ Phantom quad-copter Operator Manual
  2 Appendix B ­ S1000 Octocopter Operator Manual
  3 Appendix C ­ Lafayette and Baton Rouge 5 mile airport radius maps

   Page  2  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

 protocols and controls4 to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft
 hazards/catastrophe. This will act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight
 UAS's specific to real estate video and photography usage as I, Tabitha Femmer,
 record flight data and other information gained through permitted flight operations to
 share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to assist with future protocol and
 safety regulation.

 Granting my, Tabitha Femmer's, request comports with the Secretary of
 Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate
 UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe
 operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under
 Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the use of UAS's for
 r e s i d e n t i a l / c o m m e r c i a l p h o t o g r a p h y a n d v i d e o s h o o t s a n d real
 estate/Realtor purposes. Further I, Tabitha Femmer, will conduct my operations in
 compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

 For the reasons stated below I, Tabitha Femmer, respectfully request the grant of an
 exemption allowing me to operate ultra light weight, remote controlled UAS's for
 academic community awareness to benefit/stimulate attraction to the Lafayette and
 Baton Rouge areas and to enhance real estate listing videos for homeowners who
 cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same purpose. Both of which will
 promote local economic growth through increased employment and increased tax
 base. Both with public safety in mind by keeping heavier manned aircraft containing
 combustible fuel that poses potential public hazard. If I can provide any additional
 information to assist your understanding or review of this document, please do not
 hesitate to contact me at 337-258-1753 or via email at Tabitha@viznu.com.

 I. Contact Information:

           Tabitha Femmer, President
           Viznu, LLC.
           204 Stonington Dr.
           Lafayette, LA 70503
           Mobile: (337) 258-1753
           Email: Tabitha@Viznu.com

 II. The Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations From
 Which Tabitha Femmer Requests Exemption are:

           14 CFR 21;
           14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
           14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
           14 C.F.R. 91, et seq.;
           14 CFR 407 (a) (1);
           14 CFR 409 (a) (2); and,
           14 CFR 417 (a) & (b).

   Page  3  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

  4 Appendix D - Personal Protocols and Controls

   Page  4  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

 Tabitha Femmer, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition

 III. The Extent of relief Tabitha Femmer seeks and the Reason She Seeks Such
 Relief:

 I, Tabitha Femmer, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L.
 95 §§ 331-334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent
 me, Tabitha Femmer, contemplated commercial cinematic, academic and other flight
 operations within the national airspace system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides
 for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into our national airspace system
 as it is in the public's interest to do so. My, Tabitha Femmer's, ultra light weight UAS
 meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and
 therefore the integration of my ultra light weight UAS is expressly contemplated by the
 Reform Act. I would like to operate my ultra light weight UAS prior to the time period by
 which the Reform Act requires the FAA to promulgate rules governing such craft.
 Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that
 can be administered uniformly to all real estate related UAS aerial video and
 photography. The Reform Act guides the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's
 that may operate safely in our national airspace system. Considerations include: The
 weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's; Whether the UAS will be
 operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, Whether the UAS will be
 operated by line of sight. 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an
 exemption for me, Tabitha Femmer. My UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers
 for balance, control and stability. My UAS is equipped with GPS and auto return safety
 technology. Weighing less than five (5) pounds (far below the maximum 55 pound limit);
 including GoPro with gimbal.

 I, Tabitha Femmer, considers safety as foremost with each flight. My small unmanned
 aircraft is designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15
 mph) wind. For safety, stability and fear of financial loss I will not fly in winds exceeding
 16 kph (10 mph). Built in safety systems include a GPS mode that allows my UAS to
 hover in place when radio controls are released. With three modes to choose from, I
 utilize the Fail Safe Mode5 for aerial videography/photography. This is the safest,
 most reliable and stable mode to prevent accident and hazard. When pilot
 communication is lost UAS is designed slowly descend to point of take off. I do not
 operate my UAS near
 airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not operate near areas where general
 public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location, conditions
 and weather. I am constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical
 helicopters, etc.) and prepared to land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest
 ground point should a manned aircraft approach my location or I suspect manned
 aircraft may approach near my location. My UAS is capable of vertical and horizontal
 operations, and are flown only within my line of sight of me, as the remote control pilot.
 Utilizing battery power rather than combustible fuels, flights generally last between three
 (3) to seven (7) minutes, with an altitude under one hundred fifty (150) feet. I, Tabitha

 5 Fail Safe Mode includes safe circle for operation, position hold, self-leveling, altitude command, GPS, return home feature, and

   Page  5  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

 safety control to return home or land in the event of communication interruption between RC transmitter and UAS. See Appendix A
 - Operator Manual

   Page  6  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Femmer, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full
flight time limit for each battery is nine (9) to twelve (12) minutes as tested. I do not
operate my UAS at or below manufacture recommend minimum charge levels for
operation; preferring to remain well within a safe operating range to insure adequate
communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate potential for crash, loss of
control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure
replacement for sufficient safe level of operation. I do not believe in taking risk that may
cause a crash, that could create hazard to the public/property/manned aircraft, and
have no desire to lose an investment. I have clocked numerous practice flights in
remote areas as a hobbyist simulating flights for future commercial use to gain
familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's performance under different
temperature and weather conditions. I also practice computerized simulated flights to
maintain adequate skills and response reflex time. All for the sake of safety.

 I, Tabitha Femmer's, am extremely cautious when operating of my UAS/ultra light
 weight unmanned aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace
 system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333 (b). Given the small size and weight of my UAS
 it falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when it promulgated the Reform
 Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace
 system. Tabitha Femmer's UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety
 record and does not pose any threat to the general public or national security.

 IV. How Tabitha Femmer's Request Will Benefit the Public As A Whole:

 Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing has been
 around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small
 budget real estate companies and average homeowners the expense of such aerial
 videography is cost prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors or luxury
 homeowners can afford to absorb such expense. Depriving non-luxury homeowners
 and lower budget Realtors from a valuable marketing tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat
 to the public through potential catastrophic crash that the L a f a y e t t e a n d Baton
 Rouge community has experienced in the past. Most recently, on March 16th, four
 Louisiana National Guardsmen and seven marines dies when their UH-60 aircraft
 crashed during a training exercise in the Santa Rosa Sound in Florida. This was a
 catastrophic crash where combustible fuel exploded and burned on impact. My,
 Tabitha Femmer's, UAS pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible fuel
 alleviates any potential threat to the public.

 Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate
 commercially flown UAS's into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the
 Reform Act. Granting my, Tabitha Femmer's, exemption request furthers the public
 interest through academic/visual awareness of the geographical benefits in and around
 the Lafayette and Baton Rouge area. My ultra light weight UAS is battery powered
 and creates no emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of my
 ultra light weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing
 aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic
 devastation to the public.

   Page  7  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting
aerial video/photo capture through my battery operated ultra light weight UAS's.
Permitting me, Tabitha Femmer, to immediately fly within national air space furthers
economic growth. Granting my exemption request substantially furthers the economic
impact for the Lafayette and Baton Rouge community for companies looking to relocate
or build in the Lafayette and Baton Rouge areas as well as individuals looking to
relocate for career advancement through academic and geographical awareness.
Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Tabitha Femmer's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety
Or How The Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing
Rule:

My, Tabitha Femmer's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary,
for the reasons stated permitting me, Tabitha Femmer, to log more flight time in FAA
controlled airspace, with communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the
innovation and implementation of new and novel, as of yet undiscovered safety
protocols for Realtors or Marketing companies that can be embraced by the NAR6,
RAA7, and GBRA8 for development in cooperation with the FAA. In addition I, Tabitha
Femmer, submit the following representations of enhancements to current aerial
videography and photography for real estate:

         My UAS weighs less than 5 pounds complete with a small ultra light weight high
         quality GoPro 4 camera;
         I only operate my UAS below 200 feet9 (well within the 400 foot permissible
         ceiling set by the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);
         my UAS only operate for 3-7 minutes per flight;
         I land my UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery
         power;
         I pilot my UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
         My UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands
         if communication with the remote control pilot is lost;
         I actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly
         update and enhance safety protocols;
         I only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are
         away from power lines, elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
         I conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety
         carries primary importance;
         I carry out initial research of the area to ensure it does not fall within any
         restricted areas and review weather forecasts and other pertinent information to
         ensure safe flight operations;
         I always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
         I have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or
         potential danger.

  6 National Association of Realtors, http://www.realtor.org/          Page  8  of  9  

  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

  7 Realtor Association of Acadiana, http://www.realtoracadiana.com/
  8 Greater Baton Rouge Association of Realtors, http://www.gbrar.com/
  9 Blade 350 QX quad-copter altitude ceiling is 147 feet when flown in Smart mode (see Appendix A Operator Manual)

   Page  9  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

 My, Tabitha Femmer's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding
 existing rules. It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into
 our national airspace system, helicopters are the primary means of aerial video and
 photography for community awareness and real estate. While the safety record of such
 helicopters is remarkably astounding, there have been local incidents involving loss of
 life; it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra light weight UAS.

          First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on
          board and I only operate my UAS in specific areas away from mass populations.
          Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or
          explosions is greatly diminished.
          Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of my UAS allow me to
          remotely pilot away from and avoid hazards quickly and safely.
          Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture
          amazing images, my UAS need not be so close to the objects they are focused
          on through the technology and use of post editing software allowing pan and
          zoom.
 Accordingly, my UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency
 and will continue to operate at and above current safety levels.

 VI. A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

 A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like.

     14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements
     for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR §
     91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed operational area of my, Tabitha
     Femmer's, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my UAS meets (and
     exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
     The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate
     requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
     Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the
     airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
     maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My,
     Tabitha Femmer's, current and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the
     elements.

     14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
     certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the
     FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

     14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are
     no on board pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is
     inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a

   Page  10  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

      safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined.10 The FAA
      has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
      8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 10700 and 32827.

      14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as my UAS utilizes
      electronic global positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

      14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and
      registrations. They are inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent
      level of safety will be achieved by maintaining any such required certifications and
      registrations by me, Tabitha Femmer.

 B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft.

           Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to
           certain specifications. My UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not
           have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to mark certain words or phrases. Further,
           two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that
           minimal lettering requirement. Regardless, I will mark its UASs in the largest possible
           lettering by placing the word "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R.
           §45.29 (f) so that I the pilot, or anyone assisting me as a spotter with the UAV will see
           the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation through
           Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

 C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC.

           Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial
           operations. I, Tabitha Femmer, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by
           current Regulations because my UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further,
           while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote control piloting skills. The risks
           attended to the operation of my UAS is far less than the risk levels inherent in the
           commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing me, Tabitha
           Femmer, to operate my UAS meet and exceed current safety levels in relation to 14
           C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

 D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes.

           14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows
           helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. My UAS will never
           operate at an altitude greater than 200 AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. I,
           Tabitha Femmer, will however operate my UAS in safe areas away from public and
           traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in relation to
           minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of my UAS,
           an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

 E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections.

  10 Appendix E - Safety/Flight Manual  Page  11  of  9  

  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

           The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and
           operators to "have [the] aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
           shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section,
           have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter. . . ."

 These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not,
 therefore, apply to my, Tabitha Femmer's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution I inspect my
 UAS before and after each flight.

 A Summary The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14
 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and The Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H,
 entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of necessary
 airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and
 enclosed operational area of my UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because my,
 Tabitha Femmer's, UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of
 the Reform Act. The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness
 certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of
 the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from the
 airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
 maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. My
 UAS meets or exceeds each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation
 of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such certificate will be
 applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable. 14
 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no
 pilots or passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An
 equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has
 previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves regular software
 updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent
 level of safety will be achieved.

 In summary, Tabitha Femmer seeks an exemption from the following
 Regulations:

 14 C.F.R. 21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b); 14 C.F.R. §
 91.7 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b)(2); 14 C.F.R. § 91.103(b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.109; 14 C.F.R. §
 91.119; 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.203(a) and (b); 14
 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407 (a)(1); 14 C.F.R. § 91.409 (a)(2); 14 C.F.R. §
 91.409 (a ) (2); and, 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417 (a) & (b) to commercially operate my, Tabitha
 Femmer's, small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in community
 awareness and real estate operations, and to develop economic platforms for real
 estate to enhance the experience of those seeking to relocate to the Lafayette and
 Baton Rouge Louisiana areas. Currently, area awareness and real estate aerial
 videography/photography relies primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on
 combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public. Granting my, Tabitha Femmer's,
 request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety.
 My UAS craft do not contain potentially yy

   Page  12  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

       explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional real estate
       video and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, I operate at lower
       altitudes and in controlled airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from
       established air fields. I, Tabitha Femmer, have been informally analyzing flight
       information and will compile safety protocols and the implementation of a flight
       operations manual for real estate usage that exceeds currently accepted means and
       methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information shared with the FAA will
       enhance the FAA's internal efforts to establish protocols for complying with the FAA
       Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There are no personnel on board my, Tabitha
       Femmer's, UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is
       significantly diminished. My, T a b i t h a F e m m e r 's, operation of my UAS, weighing
       less than 5 pounds and travelling at lower speeds within limited areas will provide an
       equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly I, Tabitha
       Femmer, respectfully request that the FAA grant my exemption request and am willing
       to cooperate in sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and
       the general public at large.
       Respectfully submitted,

       Tabitha Femmer, President
       Viznu, LLC.
       204 Stonington Drive
       Lafayette, LA 70503

   Page  13  of  9  
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

     Appendix A

         Phantom 2 Quad Copter
            Operator Manual
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

     P HANTOM Flying Flowchart V1.0 (Simplified Ve rs ion)

This flowchart is aiming at help you to get familiar with the flying procedures of PHANTOM, please read the

            Manual carefully to get the operation details. Its corresponding Firmware Version is V3.0.

                                                                    FailS afe  LED: Blink Yellow
                                                                                      Quickly

                              & Self-check                                        Green+Yellow

IOC On &    LED Mode +GPS Satellite                                             LED:Red+Yellow
                   Number+6Yellow
                                                                               If Red LED appears in the la st four
            6Yellow means warming up                                           green flas hes , the autopilot s ystem

                                                                                              cannot work.

                   Recording             IOC Off &
LED Blink is ok.                    Warming up is ok.

                                                                    LED Mode +GPS Satellite  Important: If PHANTOM is

direction.                          GPS Satellite Number 6                                      If it is stationary on the
          Any GPS Satellite Number                                                           ground, pleas e try the IMU

                                                                                                   Basic Calibration.

ATTI. Mode                                  GPS ATTI. Mode

                         Important: At any moment after power                  GPS Satellite
                         on, if the GPS S atellite number is le ss                                  Keep Leveling
                          than 6 and la st for at least 10s; even                                      &Landing
                        though you select the GPS ATTI. Mode
                        and LED blinks in the GP S ATTI. Mode,      FailS afe
                        the PHANTOM will work in ATTI. Mode.
                                                                                GPS Satellite
            GPS Satellite Number 6
                       &IOC On

LED Blink Green Quickly
  Record the Home Point
                         Home P oint
                      Recording is ok

                                          IOC Starting              GPS Satellite Number 6, in GPS ATTI. Mode,
                              Flying

   First Leve l                       IOC Ending
Protection Alert

  Second Leve l                                                                    means s electable or pos sible situation.
                                                                    Pink Text tells the details.
 Protection Alert                                                   Red Part means pos sible abnormal situation.
&Height Descent                                                     Yellow Part is pos sible in normal or abnormal situation,

                              Landed                                require you to confirm by the Text for details .
                                                                    Blue Part is the condition of the normal situation.
            P ower off the PHANTOM, and                             Purple Part is the condition of the abnormal situation.
            then switch off the transmitter
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

   PHANTO M Quick Start Manual V1.7

             For NAZA-M Firmware V3.12
                  & Assistant Software V2.12

Thank you for purchasing our product. Please visit the DJI website, PHANTOM section to confirm if the printed manual
is the latest one according to the manual version. If not, please download and refer to the latest manual.

Please read the entire manual strictly and follow these steps to use you product. The manual will get you ready to fly by
doing simple operations. You can get an advanced manual from DJI website to learn more about PHANTOM, for
example, configuring parameters by connecting to assistant software, changing the transmitter to Mode1, matching
frequency between the transmitter and the receiver, etc.

Make sure to use the NAZA-M assistant software of 2.0 version (or above 2.0 ) to carry out firmware upgrade and
parameter configuration. DO NOT use the NAZA-M assistant software bellow 2.0 version.
Note: The built-in autopilot system is NAZA-M; you can obtain the current NAZA-M Firmware Version according to the
Assistant Software. If you ever upgrade your NAZA-M Firmware, please carefully read the corresponding NAZA-M
release note and NAZA-M quick start guide.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                   1|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

        Content

         CONTENT ........................................................................................................................ 2
         DISCLAIMER & WARNING .......................................................................................... 3
         CAUTIONS FOR PRODUCT USE .................................................................................... 4
         TRADEMARKS .................................................................................................................... 4
         BATTERY USAGE & CHARGING CAUTIONS ....................................................... 5
         IN THE BOX ...........................................................................................................6
         REQUIRED ITEMS .............................................................................................................. 6
         INTRODUCTION ...................................................................................................... 7
         AIRCRAFT & TRANSMITTER BASIC OPERATION.............................................. 8
         BEFORE FLYING............................................................................................................ 9
         FLIGHT TEST ..................................................................................................................... 13
         THE FLOWCHART OF FAILSAFE AND HOW TO REGAIN CONTROL .............. 14
         LOW-VOLTAGE ALERT ............................................................................................. 15
         LED DESCRIPTION .................................................................................................15
         SPECIFICATIONS OF THE AIRCRAFT ....................................................................16

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.  2|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Please read this disclaimer carefully before using the PHANTOM. By using this product, you hereby agree to this

disclaimer and signify that you have read them fully. THIS PRODUCT IS NOT SUITABLE FOR PEOPLE UNDER THE

AGE OF 18.

PHANTOM is an excellent flight platform offering an excellent flight experience, only if it is powered normally and in a

good working condition. Despite the PHANTOM having a built-in autopilot system and our efforts in making the

operation of the controller as safe as possible when the main power battery is connected, we strongly recommend

users to remove all propellers when calibrating and setting parameters. Make sure all connections are good, and keep

children and animals away during firmware upgrade, system calibration and parameter setup. DJI Innovations accepts

no liability for damage(s) or injuries incurred directly or indirectly from the use of this product in the following

conditions:

1. Damage(s) or injuries incurred when users are drunk, taking drugs, drug anesthesia, dizziness, fatigue, nausea and

any other conditions no matter physically or mentally that could impair your ability.

2. Damage(s) or injuries caused by subjective intentional operations.

3. Any mental damage compensation caused by accident.

4. .         Failure to follow the guidance of the manual to assemble or operate.

5. Malfunctions caused by refit or replacement with non-DJI accessories and parts.

6. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using third party products or fake DJI products.

7. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mis-operation or subjective mis-judgment.

8. Damage(s) or injuries caused by mechanical failures due to erosion, aging.

9. Damage(s) or injuries caused by continued flying after low- voltage protection alert is triggered.

10. . Damage(s) or injuries caused by knowingly flying the aircraft in abnormal condition (such as water, oil, soil,

sand and other unknown material ingress into the aircraft or the assembly is not completed, the main components

have obvious faults, obvious defect or missing accessories).

11. Damage(s) or injuries caused by flying in the following situations such as the aircraft in magnetic interference area,

radio interference area, government regulated no-fly zones or the pilot is in backlight, blocked, fuzzy sight, and

poor eyesight is not suitable for operating and other conditions not suitable for operating.

12. Damage(s) or injuries caused by using in bad weather, such as a rainy day or windy (more than moderate breeze),

snow, hail, lightning, tornadoes, hurricanes etc.

13. Damage(s) or injuries caused when the aircraft is in the following situations: collision, fire, explosion, floods,

tsunamis, subsidence, ice trapped, avalanche, debris flow, landslide, earthquake, etc.

14. Damage(s) or injuries caused by infringement such as any data, audio or video material recorded by the use of

aircraft.

15. Damage(s) or injuries caused by the misuse of the battery, protection circuit, RC model and battery chargers.

16. Other losses that are not covered by the scope of DJI Innovations liability.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                    3|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Cautions for Product Use

Please check the following steps carefully every time before flight.

1. Before use of the product, please accept some flight training (Using a simulator to practice flying, getting
       instruction from a professional person, etc.).

2. Check that all parts of the multi-rotor are in good condition before flight. Do not fly with aging or broken parts.
3. Check that the propellers and the motors are installed correctly and firmly before flight. Make sure the rotation

       direction of each propeller is correct. Do not get close to or even touch the working motors and propellers to
       avoid serious injury.
4. Do not over load the multi-rotor (should be less than 1200g).
5. Make sure that the transmitter battery and flight battery are fully charged.
6. Try to avoid interference between the remote control transmitter and other wireless equipment.
7. Make sure to switch on the transmitter first, then power on the multi-rotor before takeoff! Power off the
       multi-rotor first, then switch off the transmitter after landing!
8. The fast rotating propellers of PHANTOM will cause serious damage and injury. Always fly the multi-rotor 3m or
       above away from you and unsafe conditions, such as obstacles, crowds, high-voltage lines, etc. FLY
       RESPONSIBLY.
9. All parts must be kept out of the reach of children to avoid CHOKE HAZARD; if a child accidentally swallows any
       part you should immediately seek medical assistance.
10. Please always keep the compass module away from the magnet. Otherwise it may damage the compass module
        and lead the aircraft to work abnormally or even be out of control.
11. DO NOT use the PHANTOM transmitter (receiver) with the other third party remote control equipment.
12. Make sure to use the NAZA-M assistant software of 2.0 version (or above 2.0 ) to carry out firmware upgrade
        and parameter configuration. DO NOT use the NAZA-M assistant software bellow 2.0 version.
13. The built-inESCs of PHANTOM ONLY support 3S (11.1V)power supply.
14. ONLY use the DJI original motor and 8-inch propeller.
15. If you want to put the PHANTOM in a car, please keep it away from the speaker, since the compass module may
        be magnetized.
16. DO NOT use the magnetic screwdriver. Otherwise, keep the screwdriver at least 10 cm away from the compass
        module, to avoid magnetic interference.
17. If you use your own equipment(for example: GoPro3), please make sure the WiFi function is disabled, to avoid
        the interference on the transmitter, which may cause the PHANTOM to FailSafe, crack and or even to fly away.
18. For Mac user, please install Windows Parallel to run assistant software.
If you have any problem you cannot solve during installation, please contact a DJI Authorized Dealer.

DJI and PHANTOM are registered trademarks of DJI Innovations. Names of product, brand, etc., appearing in this
manual are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owner companies. This product and manual are
copyrighted by DJI Innovations with all rights reserved. No part of this product or manual shall be reproduced in any
form without the prior written consent or authorization of DJI Innovations. No patent liability is assumed with respect to
the use of the product or information contained herein.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                   4|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Battery Usage & Charging Cautions

1. Do not put the battery into water; store the battery in a cool and dry environment.

2. Only use the correctly specified batteries

3. Batteries must be kept out of the reach of children; if a child accidentally swallows the battery you should

immediately seek medical assistance.

4. .  Do not use or store the battery near fire.

5. Battery should be charged with proper standard charger.

6. Do not connect the battery reversed in positive and negative terminals in the charger or equipment.

7. Do not connect the battery directly to the wall plugs or vehicle-mounted socket.

8. Do not put the battery into a fire or heat the battery.

9. Do not let the battery terminals (+and-) touch together to cause short-circuit.

10 . Do not transport or store the battery together with metal objects.

11. Do not hit or throw the battery.

12. Do not weld the battery terminals together.

13. Do not drive a nail in, hit with a hammer, or stomp on the battery.

14. Do not disassemble or alter the battery.

15. Do not use or store the battery in extreme heat environments, such as direct sunlight or in the car in hot weather.

Otherwise, the battery will overheat, may cause fire (or self-ignite), this will affect the performance of the battery,

shorten the service life of the battery.

16. Do not use the battery in strong electrostatic areas, otherwise the electronic protection may be damaged which

may cause a hazard.

17. If you get the battery electrolyte leakage into your eyes, don't rub, first wash your eyes with clean water then seek

medical assistance immediately. If not handled in a timely manner, eyes could be damaged.

18. Do not use the battery when it emits an odour, high temperature, deformation, change in colour or other

abnormal phenomena; if the battery is in use or charging, you should stop charging or using immediately.

19. If the battery terminal gets dirty, please clean it with a dry cloth before using. Otherwise it will cause a poor

contact, thus causing energy loss or inability to charge.

20 . Discarded battery could lead to a fire; you should completely discharge the battery and wrap the output terminal

with insulating tape before discarding.

21. DO NOT drain the battery of phantom or leave the battery plugged into the PHANTOM when unused. When
       there is low voltage alert please landing timely to avoid damages to the battery or others.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                      5|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

In the Box                                            Transmitter                Landing Gear
                                                                           (with Compass Module)
                       Aircraft

Frame for Camera                                      Propellers           Assistant Wrench

                     USB Cable   Screw Package (M3x6)                      Accessory

                                                                       

                                                      5# AABatteries

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                              6|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

The PHANTOM is an all-in-one small Quad Copter designed for multi-rotor enthusiasts. Before shipping from the

factory, it has been configured and fully tested, which means you have no configuration to do.

   Built-in
        NAZA-M Autopilot System

           (Refer to NAZA-M manual for details)

        GPS & Compass Module
        R/C Receiver
        Power System for Flight
        LED Indicator
        USB Interface
          (in the Battery Compartment)
   Function
        ATTI./ GPS ATTI. Mode
        Intelligent Orientation Control
        Enhanced Fail-Safe
        Low-Voltage Alert
   Camera Frame (For GoPro)
   Takeoff Weight:<120 0g

                                                                                        Working Frequency: 2.4GHz ISM
                                                                                        Control Channel Numbers of Transmitter: 7
                                                                                        Communication Distance: 1000m
                                                                                        Receiver Sensitivity(1%PER):

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                               7|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Aircraft & Transmitter Basic Operation

Definitions

Stick neutral position and stick released means the stick of Transmitter is pushed to the central position.

Command Stick means the stick of Transmitter is pushed away from the central position.

Transmitter  Aircraft

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                         8|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

        Before Flying

              Installing the Transmitter Batteries

                   Open the battery compartment cover of the Transmitter.
                   Install 4x AA battery (5#) in accordance with the + / - pole.
               3. Close the battery compartment cover of the Transmitter.

                   DO NOT use the PHANTOM transmitter (receiver) with the other third party remote control equipment.
                   Risk of explosion if replaced by an incorrect type.
                   Dispose of used batteries according to the instructions.
                   Remove the batteries after use.

                   batteries.

               Battery Charging LiPo Battery

             Please use the full charged battery of 3S LiPo.
             (Recommended parameters: 733496 - 220 0MAH-20C

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                                                   9|
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

               Mount the Landing Gear with the Compass Module if Required

             If the GPS ATTI. Mode is desired, you must first mount the landing gear which contains the Compass Module.
             1. Prepare the aircraft and the landing gear.
             2. Mount the landing gear with the Compass Module to the right part (shown as the following chart); make sure the

                5-pin cable is through the hole of the landing gear. Fix the landing gear with screws (M3x6), and then connect the
                5-pin cable to the Compass Module.
             3. Mount the other landing gear to the left part.
             4. . Fix the antenna and the 5-pin cable on both landing gear by using the white adhesive tape.

Landing Gear Mounting                                     Compass Module Connecting

When flying, please make sure the compass module is stationary and firm.
If the Landing Gear with the compass module mount on has been deformed, please replace it with a new one and
mount it as the procedures above.
The compass module is not waterproof, and not anti-oil.
DO NOT use the magnetic screwdriver. Otherwise, keep the screwdriver at least 10 cm away from the compass
module, to avoid magnetic interference.

Turn on the Transmitter

Set the IOC and Control Mode switch to the top position.
Turn on the power switch of the Transmitter

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.                                 10 |
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

    Power on the Aircraft

    Place the aircraft on the ground

    Open the battery compartment cover of the aircraft.

    Put the battery into the compartment with the power cord facing outward.

4.

5. Keep the sticks of the Transmitter and the Aircraft stationary until the system start and self-check has finished

                                ).

6. Put the power cable into the battery compartment.

7. Close the battery compartment cover.

8. The LED may blink Yellow 4 times quickly (            ). Start motor is disable during LED blinking Yellow 4 times

    ), as the system is warming up.

    Please contact your dealer                                                         (Red LED appears in

    the last four green flashes) in the Step5.

    After the system start and self-checking has finished, if the LED blinks Red, Yellow and Green continually, that

    means the IMU data is abnormal. The PHANTOM will not work, please connect to the Assistant Software and

    follow the tips to do operation. If it blinks red and yellow lights alternately (  ), that means the

    compass error is too big, it can be caused by the following three cases. Please connect to the Assistant Software,

      There are ferromagnetic substance around; first make sure that the compass has been calibrated correctly, you
    can lift the aircraft up (about 1m from the ground), and stay away from the surrounding possible ferromagnetic
    material object, if there is no red and yellow flashing after lifting it up about 1m from the ground, then it will not
    affect the flight.

       The compass module had been put near a magnet; in this situation please timely replace the compass for a new
    one, otherwise it will lead to some abnormal action, or even loss of control.

       The compass is not properly calibrated; in this situation please calibrate the compass correctly again, please see
    the GPS compass calibration for details.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

    GPS & Compass Calibration
If the Compass Module is not used, you can skip this step.

The GPS module has a built-in magnetic field sensor for measuring the geomagnetic field, which is not the same in

different areas. The GPS module will not work unless the Compass Module has been connected. Make sure the

Compass Module connections are correct.

Please always keep the compass module away from the magnet. If this situation occurs please change the compass

module before flying. Otherwise it may damage the compass module and lead the aircraft to work abnormally or even

be out of control.

Calibrate the compass before the first flight or when flying in a different area. Make sure to keep away from

ferromagnetic substance and other electronic equipment when calibrating or flying. If you keep having calibration

failure, it might suggest that there is magnetic interference or other ferromagnetic substance, please avoid flying in this

area.

If you have calibration failure or the LED blinks red and yellow lights alternately (  ), please connect to

                       T

1. Quickly switch the control mode switch from              to

         and back to   for 6 to 10 times, The LED indicator will turn

to constantly yellow.                                                                    GPS ATTI. Mode

2. Rotate your aircraft around the horizontal axis (about 360 o) until the LED                  ATTI. Mode
                                                                                       ATTI. Mode->GPS ATTI. Mode ->
changes to constant green, and then go to the next step.                               ATTI. Mode is one time

3. Hold your aircraft vertically and rotate it (its nose is downward) around the

vertical axis (about 360 o) until the LED turns off, meaning the calibration is

finished.

4. . If the calibration was successful, calibration mode will exit automatically. If

the calibration has failed, the LED keeps flashing quickly Red. Switch the

control mode switch one time to cancel the calibration, and then re-start from

step 1.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

        Flight Test

                    If in GPS ATTI. Mode, place the aircraft in an open space without buildings or trees. Take off the aircraft
                    after 6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red LED blinks once or no blinking). If in ATTI. Mode, you can skip
                    this step.
                    Place the aircraft 3 meters away from you and others, to avoid accidental injury.
               3. Start-up

                       Switch on the transmitter first, then power on multi-rotor! Keep the aircraft stationary until the system
                       start and self-check has finished.
                       Please wait for the system to warm up gradually with the LED blinks Yellow 4 times quickly (
                       should not start the motors until the blinking disappears.
                       Keep the aircraft stationary, and execute the CSC to start the motors.

                       Release the yaw, roll and pitch sticks and keep them at the neutral position, at the same time raise the
                       throttle stick from the bottom. The motors will stop if you do not push the throttle stick from the bottom
                       within 3 sec and you will need to re-start the motors.
                       Keep raising the throttle stick until all the rotors are working, push the throttle stick to the mid position
                       and then take-off your multi-rotor gently, pay attention not to push the stick excessively.
                       Pay attention to the aircraft movement at any time, and use the sticks to adjust the aircraft's position.
                       Keep the yaw, roll, pitch and throttle sticks at the mid position to hover the aircraft at desired height.

             4 . Lower the aircraft slowly until touch down is achieved. The motors will stop automatically after 3 seconds, or

                    you can repeat the start-up stick command to stop the motors sooner.

             5 . Please always power off the aircraft first, and then switch off the transmitter after landing.

             FLYING NOTES

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

The flowchart of failsafe and how to regain control

An introduction of Go-Home and Landing.

            Record Home Point                                                                                                        Stay hover
                                      Ground
Home Point

                                                      Tx                                                   Tx

                                              2                                                    3

            Ready to Go-Home                                              Current location > 20 m              Hover 15s, then land
                                                                                         first
                                                                Tx  20m
                                                                         Current location 20 m
      Tx                 5                                                                                 Tx

4                                                                                                  6

Home-point: Every time you power on, after first motors start, and if 6 or more GPS satellites are found (Red light blinks
once or no blinking) for 10 seconds, the current position of multi-rotor will be saved as home-point by MC automatically.

            1. Please make sure to record the home-point during flight, and clearly know where it is.
            2. During go-home the nose direction of the aircraft is facing toward the home-point, and the aircraft is
            flying directly from the current position to the home-point.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Low-Voltage Alert is to indicate that the battery cannot provide enough power for the aircraft, in order to warn
you to land the aircraft ASAP. There are both first level and second level protections. It is not for fun, you should
land your aircraft ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crashing or other harmful consequences!!!

    In ATTI.Mode & GPSATTI.Mode.
       The first level protection has LED warning.
       During second level protection the aircraft will land automatically with LED warning. Meanwhile the center
       point of throttle stick will move up slowly to 90 % of endpoint, you should land ASAP to prevent your aircraft
       from crashing! When the center point is at 90 % of endpoint, aircraft will still ascend slowly if you continue to
       pull the throttle stick, and the control of Pitch, Roll and Yaw are the same as before.

Configure the FailSafe function in the assistant software -                          and read the
instruction thoroughly and carefully.                                                            and
Configure the Low-Voltage Alert function in the assistant software -
read the instruction thoroughly and carefully.

System Status                           Manual Mode: None

System start and self-check                           ( stick(s) not at center
IMU abnormal data
Warm up after power on                  GPS Mode:     ( stick(s) not at center
Bias of Sensors too Big
Compass Error too Big
Tx signal lost
Low Voltage Alert
Record forward direction or home point

Control Mode Indictor

                                                           ( stick(s) not at center

GPS Signal State Indicator

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

Calibration or others error

ESC Sound Introduction           ESC State                                                             Sound

  Ready                                                                                   1234567

Throttle stick is not at bottom                                                          B--------B--------
                                                                                         BB---BB---BB---
Input signal abnormal

Input voltage abnormal

Transmitter State Introduction
                             Transmitter State

                                                                  turning on may alarm.
  Linking between the Transmitter and the Receiver
  Normal Operation
  Low-battery Alert (Need to change the battery)

Specifications of the Aircraft                                                                                Range
                                                                                         -10°C ~ 50°C
                                      Parameters                                         3.12W
  Operating Temperature                                                                  ONLY 3S LiPo
  Power Consumption                                                                      <120 0 g
                                                                                         Vertical: ±0.8m.Horizontal:±2.5m
  Supported Battery                                                                      20 0 °/ s
  Take-off Weight                                                                        35°
  Hovering Accuracy (GPS Mode)                                                           6m/ s
  Max Yaw Angular Velocity                                                               10m/ s
  Max Tilt Angle                                                                         350 mm
  Max Ascent / Descent Speed                                                             670 g
  Max Flight Velocity                                                                    80 0 g
  Diagonal distance (motor center to motor center)
  Weight
  Weight(with Battery)

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
 Tabitha Femmer, Viznu, Lafayette LA - Section 333 Exemption Petition
  

        CE Statement

             Due to the used enclosure material, the device shall only be connected to a USB Interface of version 2.0 or higher. The
             connection to so called power USB is prohibited.
             CAUTION RISK OF EXPLOSION IF BATTERY IS REPLACED BY AN INCORRECT TYPE. DISPOSE OF USED
             BATTERIES ACCORDING TO THE INSTRUCTIONS.
             Hereby, DJI Innovations Corporation declares that this device is in compliance with the essential requirements and
             other relevant provisions of Directive 1999/5/EC.

        FCC Statement

             This equipment complies with FCC RF radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment.
             This device complies with part 15 of the FCC rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device
             may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference
             that may cause undesired operation.

             NOTE: The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by unauthorized modifications or

             NOTE: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part
             15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a
             residential installation. This equipment generates uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and
             used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no
             guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference
             to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged
             to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
             - Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
             - Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
             -Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
             -Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/ TV technician for help.

   ©2012-2013 DJI Innovations. All Rights Reserved.
