May 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11489
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0320

Ms. Kristin Swoboda
Take Flight UAS, LLC
8090 West Sagebrush Way
Boise, ID 83709

Dear Ms. Swoboda:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Take Flight UAS, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial imagery
operations in support of precision production agriculture, natural resource monitoring,
university and private research, climate change observations, humanitarian relief efforts, and
emergency services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3DRobotics X8+ and Bormatec Maja UAV.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Take Flight UAS, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Take Flight UAS, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics X8+
         and Bormatec Maja UAV when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
FEBRUARY 4, 2015

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act

     and 14 C.F.R. Part 11
Dear Sir or Madam:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R.
Part 11, Take Flight UAS, LLC (Applicant) an Idaho limited liability company, seeks an exemption from the
Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed and discussed in Appendix A in order to allow for the operation of
small Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) under the conditions and limitations set forth in this application for
Petition.
The requested exemption would permit the Applicant to safely, efficiently and economically use commercial
UAS within the National Airspace (NAS) for operations conducted within and under the conditions outlined in
this Petition or as established by the FAA as required by Section 333.
The requested exemption would authorize the Applicant to perform commercial operations with UAS that
will provide the following benefits to the public:

          Commercial use of UAS to acquire aerial imagery in support of precision production
              agricultural, natural resource monitoring, university and private scientific research, climate
              change observations, humanitarian relief efforts and emergency services.

          Application of UAS may reduce safety concerns in areas where terrain or subject matter is
              inaccessible, inhospitable, hazardous and unsafe to enter, or may cause undue injury or loss
              of life.

          UAS operations at low altitudes (< 400 ft. AGL) provide high resolution imagery that cannot
              be acquired with manned aircraft without compromising safety and adding excessive levels
              of risk to life and property.

          UAS options for collecting imagery and data result in increased efficiencies that directly
              influence and benefit agriculture, natural resources, scientific research and monitoring,
              relief efforts and emergency services (floods, fire, search and rescue).

          Commercial use of UAS can obtain data products which will directly influence and improve
              efficiencies within several applications. This has the potential of enhancing productivity
              while providing benefits to research, industry, and the general public.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 1
            STATEMENT OF BACKGROUND, PROPOSED COMMERCIAL APPLICATIONS AND PUBLIC BENEFIT
The Petitioner is a startup company, Take Flight UAS, LLC. The founders of the company were certified small
UAS pilots with the Department of the Interior (DOI). DOI trains and certifies UAS pilots on fixed wing and
VTOL / ducted-fan, gas powered Micro Air Vehicle (gMAV) airframes. The founders, as DOI certified fixed
wing operators are graduates of UAS training courses using FAA curriculum standards. These courses
included 22 classes and totaled more than 80 hours for fixed wing operations and an additional 40 hours for
the VTOL gMAV operations. Past DOI operations provided practical applications in the field. This required
working with low altitude UAS flights with the primary objectives of acquiring video, imagery and data in
support of natural resource projects, research studies and monitoring applications.
Both founders hold general aviation private pilot licenses and have in-depth knowledge concerning NAS
navigational priorities and rules. Both hold current Class II Medicals, and have passed FAA Commercial
Written Exam. The founders are also aware of hobby craft/recreational UAS guidelines and have been
recreationally flying keeping proficiencies current while additionally building flight time and expertise with
UAS.
Take Flight UAS, LLC founders also have knowledge and experience working with forestry/silviculture,
geomorphology, hydrology/flood analysis, search and rescue emergency mapping services, habitat
restoration and wildfire modeling in both Civil and Federal Government settings. Combined, the founders
have 50+ years of expertise in geographic information systems (GIS), remote sensing, photogrammetric
techniques and digital surface modeling. Additionally, these applications pertain to aerial imagery
acquisition, spatial data creation, mapping and analysis. Founders current employment requires extensive
research into lightweight sensor and camera development (multispectral, hyper spectral, natural color,
forward looking infrared [FLIR], near infrared [NIR] and thermal imagery) for low altitude flights with the
purpose of gathering true-color and spectral signatures for high resolution data. This data has a wide variety
of scientific applications as well as significant economic benefits to the communities involved with natural
resource management and precision agricultural.
If proposed exemption is approved, the Petitioner intends to acquire and provide aerial imagery and data
solutions in support of scientific research and monitoring studies as they apply to natural resource based and
precision production agricultural activities. For instance these will include cropland observations, invasive
species monitoring, geologic and geomorphic surveys, forest and rangeland health, wildlife, wildfire, and
habitat restoration.
Specifically, with the granting of this exemption, the founders will proceed to work in conjunction with
university and agricultural extension offices. With these efforts, imagery and data acquired will be analyzed
for the following purposes: wheat blight mitigation, sugar beet harvest rates congruent with mold presence,
irrigation water budgeting and maximization of crop to water variances, fertilization and nutrient
distribution, soil and plant moisture content, pest management, viticulture water stress and growth cluster
yields, mold spore indexes, leaf temperature and plant water status. These site specific precision agriculture
measurements and analysis of the influencing factors will directly increase crop production and yields, while
minimizing wasteful crop production methods, conserving irrigation water, and mitigating extremely harmful
crop diseases.
The application of UAS in these instances has the ability to produce valuable and sustainable products
enhancing industry and public land operations. These products will provide definitive results for improving
precision production agriculture and natural resource based activities. In time, the specific benefits will
provide increased crop harvest quality and quantity throughout growing areas where prudent water use and
irrigation are required.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 2
Other highly effective uses of UAS endeavors include response to humanitarian relief efforts, emergency
disaster response and Search & Rescue (SAR) operations. Providing a clear visual from a low altitude flight is
extremely valuable with respect to disaster response and SAR missions. Low altitude real-time imagery
assists with locating people, recognizing and identifying critically affected areas, locating safety zones and
increasing situational awareness of identified risks and hazards. Resultant in more efficient and decisive
response plans. Such planning assists to minimize reaction time and increase the probability of the best
solution for the situation ­ without increasing risk to human lives.

Take Flight UAS, LLC will perform mission planning, site safety evaluation, flight operations. UAS will include
the necessary sensor package for the mission. Data and imagery acquired will be analyzed and assemble into
a final product. This deliverable will include geospatial products derived from post-processing techniques of
the acquired data and imagery. Applicant would execute data analysis and assist clients with obtaining
management goals towards achieving desired outcomes.

The name and address of the Applicant is:

Take Flight UAS, LLC
Attn: Kristin Swoboda
Telephone: (503) 975-7720
Email: takeflightaviationks@gmail.com
Address: 8090 W. Sagebrush Way, Boise ID 83709

               QUALIFICATION FOR APPROVAL UNDER SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM ACT

The UAS operations proposed in this application of petition for exemptions qualify for expedited
approval under Section 333 of the Reform Act. This petition outlines how each statutory criteria as well
as other potentially relevant factors are satisfied.

The proposed operations would permit the use of small UAS within the National Airspace (NAS) under
controlled operational conditions. In many cases, these criteria outlined below will provide a level of
safety that could not be achieved using manned fixed wing or rotor aircraft in order to accomplish the
same purposes.

Take Flight UAS, LLC is proposing to operate both rotorcraft and fixed wing UAS. Each UAS, including
payload weighs less than 15 lbs, and always less than 55 lbs. Operations would occur under normal VFR
meteorological conditions at speeds less than 50 knots. UAS are primarily constructed of foam,
aluminum, carbon fiber and plastic materials. Operations will be performed by qualified UAS Pilots (PIC)
and Visual Observers (VO), in order to ensure that UAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public." Given the small sizes of the UAS, the pre-planned operation locations,
flight paths, and the required VFR flight conditions, the Applicant believes that these operations fall
directly within or exceed the required level of safety. Under the Reform Act, Congress has endorsed
through exemption that the FAA will allow commercial operations of UAS to commence immediately if
an appropriate level of safety is achieved or exceeded. The Applicant believes an "equivalent level of

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 3
safety" or better will be achieved by the proposed outlined operations. It is also determined that due
to the dimensions and composite materials of the UAS, flight paths and operational areas, the VFR
conditions in which UAS flights will take place, approval of this application of petition presents no
threat to national security. The operation of UAS under these conditions will serve to guarantee pilot,
public and property safety while adding tangible benefits to industry, the economy, scientific research,
and the general public.

Take Flight UAS, LLC acting as UAS Pilot in Command (PIC) and Visual Observer (VO) agree to the
requirements and constraints of these limitations and conditions for conducting commercial operations
within the National Airspace under an FAA issued exemption:

Pertaining to UAS

      UAS will weigh typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs.
      UAS will operate at a maximum speed of no greater than 25 knots.
      UAS will operate at or below 400ft AGL.
      UAS shall not be operated within 5 miles of an airport without prior approval of, and establishing a

          line of communication for the duration of the flight operations with the controlling authority of that
          airspace/airport.
      UAS will be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO(s).
      UAS will follow pre-determined flight lines over the mission area conducted via automated
          navigational flight software.
      UAS will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements equivalent to Visual Flight
          Rules (VFR).
      UAS will be equipped with an autopilot system. UAS will utilize GPS navigation, systematic pre-flight
          checks, and failover safety mechanisms as return-to-home (RTH), auto-land, loiter and flight abort
          safety features.

Pertaining to Pilots, Visual Observer(s) and Ground Control Station crew

      Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS Pilot in Command (PIC), Visual Observer
          (VO) and/or Ground Control Station (GCS) crew.

      The UAS pilot will be considered the Pilot in Command (PIC) and be responsible for conducting safe
          flight operations.

      PIC, VO(s) and/or GCS crew will have communications established in advance of any flight
          operations.

      A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS flights prior to operation at each new
          location. All personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the area of operation
          will be present for this briefing.

      The UAS pilot will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the UAS to be operated. This will
          include operation of the UAS both in normal and emergency procedures and will include
          familiarization with the flight manual (or similar) furnished by the UAS manufacturer. Training will
          also include basic flight maneuvers, navigational awareness, emergency procedures, loss of uplink,
          loss of downlink, loss of GPS and safe flight operations in relation to persons, property and applicable
          airspace.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 4
Pertaining to Flight Operations

      Risk assessment evaluation for safe site operations and flight conditions before each mission.
      Prior to a UAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of operation will include a

          defined lateral and vertical area, where the UAS will operate. Safety procedures will be established
          for persons, property and applicable airspace within the area of operation.
      Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible. If operation in other airspace is
          required, the appropriate controlling authority will be notified at least 24 hours prior to the
          operation and, if required, any necessary permission obtained.
      See and avoid: If at any time the operator see or hears another aircraft and it appears that aircraft
          may come within one (1) mile of the UAS, or it is questionable whether or not it will do so, the PIC
          shall immediately descend the UAS and direct it on a heading toward the designated landing area, or
          alternate landing area if necessary, until the UAS has landed or it is determined the other aircraft has
          maintained a separation of one (1) mile.
      The UAS shall operate from on-site launch/landing locations directly next to the PIC and GCS crew.
          Non-essential flight operation personnel will be at an appropriate distance away or a minimum of
          100 ft from the operation unless barriers or structures are in place which may sufficiently protect
          non-participating persons in case of UAS emergency.
      Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 25% battery power remaining as measured
          by the UAS or appropriate flight time planning.
      A Ground Control Station (GCS) will be connected by radio communication to the UAS during the
          entire flight operation. Flight information relayed to the PIC will include UAS GPS position, altitude,
          speed, compass heading/bearing, aircraft angle of attack, flight time, battery power remaining, and
          other telemetry information.
      Written, and/or documented oral permission from property owners or land management agency will
          be obtained prior to an operation.

In summary, it is the Applicant's belief that the size, weight, speed, operating environment, and operating
capabilities of each UAS will provide an "equivalent level of safety" or better when operating for commercial
and public interest as outlined in Section 333 of the Reform Act. Applicant appreciates the time and
consideration devoted to this request for exemption to permit safe, legal commercial UAS operations within
the NAS.

Respectfully,

Take Flight UAS, LLC                            Page 5
Attn: Kristin Swoboda
Telephone: (503) 975-7720
Email: takeflightaviationks@gmail.com
Address: 8090 W. Sagebrush Way, Boise ID 83709

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC
                           EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED FROM THE FOLLOWING REGULATIONS:

          14 C.F.R. Part 21 .................................................................................................................... Page 8
          14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b) ..................................................................................................... Page 8
          14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) .................................................................................................................. Page 9
          14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) .................................................................................................................... Page 9
          14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c) ...................................................................................................... Page 9
          14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b) ...................................................................................................... Page 10
          14 C.F.R. 61.133(a) ................................................................................................................ Page 10
          14 C.F.R. 91.103 .................................................................................................................... Page 11
          14 C.F.R. 91.109(a) ................................................................................................................ Page 12
          14 C.F.R. 91.119(c) ............................................................................................................... Page 12
          14 C.F.R. 91.121 .................................................................................................................... Page 13
          14 C.F.R. 91.151(a) ................................................................................................................ Page 13
          14 C.F.R. 91.405(a) ................................................................................................................ Page 13
          14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1) ........................................................................................................... Page 13
          14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2) ............................................................................................................ Page 13
          14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) ................................................................................................................. Page 13

Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the proposal set
forth in this letter are appropriate while providing an equivalent level of safety and consider the public
interest.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 6
                             GLOSSARY OF TERMINOLOGY:

                      COA    Certificate of Authorization
                      FAA    Federal Aviation Administration
                      FLIR   Forward Looking Infrared
                      GIS    Geographic Information Systems
                      GPS    Global Positioning System
                      GCS    Ground Control Station
                      NAS    National Airspace
                      NIR    Near- Infrared
                      NOTAM  Notice to Airmen
                      PIC    Pilot in Command
                      RS     Remote Sensing
                      TIR    Thermal Image Recorder
                      VFR    Visual Flight Rules
                      VLOS   Visual Line of Sight
                      VO     Visual Observer
                      UAS    Unmanned Aircraft System

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC                                          Page 7
                                                         APPENDIX A

                          EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The Applicant requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that
may technically apply to the operation of UAS:

                             14 CFR PART 21, SUBPART H: AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATES

Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have "an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate."
Part 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the applicability and the procedural
requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1).

With the size of the UAS (typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs.) and the limited flight
operation areas, it is unnecessary to undergo the certificate of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H
to achieve or exceed current levels of safety.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of
the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to
exempt aircraft from the requirement of an airworthiness certificate of the UAS involved upon consideration
of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas. These
outlined conditions all apply to the UAS considered in this proposed exemption, therefore an airworthiness
certificate is not applicable.

See Exemptions: 11138, 11062, 11067, 11080, 11114, and 11112.

            14 CFR § 91.203 (A) & (B): CARRYING CIVIL AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION AND REGISTRATION

This regulation provides as follows: (a)"... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate
and current airworthiness certificate."

(b)"No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by paragraph (a) of this
section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so
that it is legible to passengers or crew."

The UAS with a full capacity payload weighs no more than 15lbs, and always less than 55 lbs. Due to the
small size there is no open cabin or cockpit. There is no space, or onboard storage place located in/on the
UAS in which to carry certification and registration documents. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved
by keeping proper documentation at the location of the Ground Control Station where the PIC, VO or GS
crew and others working with the UAS will have readily available access to them. The FAA has issued
numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes: Exemption
Nos. 9565A, 9565B, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 9816.

Further examination of §91.203 (a) & (b) conditions lends that UAS operated without an airworthiness
certificate, under the conditions proposed in this petition, will achieve the equivalent level of safety or better,
than a conventional manned aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate for the
purposes outlined in this application. The UAS will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 8
fuel, and will operate only within small well-defined locations. All operations will be in compliance with the
limitations and conditions stated in this application for petition. The FAA will have advance notice of all
operations through the filing of Certificates of Waiver or Authorizations (COA) and Notices to Airman
(NOTAMS) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to conducting any operations
under this grant of exemption. In summary, the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel and the fact
that the UAS is carried to the location, rather than flown to the site of operation, all create an equivalent
level of safety. The UAS provides and even exceeds an equivalent level of safety when comparing low
altitude operations conducted with conventional manned aircraft that would be carrying passengers, cargo,
and flammable fuel.

                                   14 CFR § 91.7(A): CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS

This regulation requires that "no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition."
Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of UAS without an airworthiness certificate,
no standard will exist for airworthiness of the UAS. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring
compliance with the UAS standard operating procedures, flight operations manuals, and following
established practices which utilize safety checklists, pre-flight checklists and regularly scheduled
maintenance.

Please note exemptions: 11159, 11157, 11153, 11150, 11138, 11136, 11109 and 11080.

                      14 CFR § 91.9 (B)(2): CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

This regulation provides guidance for aircraft flight manuals. (b)"No person may operate a U.S.-registered
civil aircraft ... (2) "For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved
manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof."

The UAS is small in size and there is no cabin or cockpit entrance to the UAS. There is no onboard pilot,
passenger(s) or crew. Due to the small size, configuration with no cockpit or cabin for a pilot, passengers or
crew, there is no room or capacity onboard to carry a flight manual. The equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by keeping the flight manual(s) and standard operating procedures at the Ground Control Station
where the pilot in command and GCS crew flying the UAS will have readily available access to it.

Previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.9(b) establish that safety is not adversely
affected when the approved Aircraft Flight Manual is kept at the Ground Control Station of a UAS, where it
can be immediately accessed by the pilot in command. Section 91.9(b) "requires aircraft to carry the flight
manual so the pilot would have ready access to the aircraft limitations while in flight." However, the FAA has
also determined that UAS will always be operated without any passengers or crew onboard, and that
"requiring these special-use aircraft [UAS] to carry superfluous paper documents may present a safety hazard
to the integrity of the [UAS]."

The FAA has previously granted exemptions under similar circumstances. Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
9299, 9299A, 9564, 9564B, 9720, 10167, 10167A, 11112, 11114, and 11138.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 9
                                14 CFR § 45.23 & 91.9(C): MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

Regulation 45.23 states (a) "Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration number of the
aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter."

(b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited,
restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in
letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable."

Regulation 91.9(c) provides: "No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter."

UAS does not have entrance to a cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which markings can be placed. The small
size of the UAS prevents marking the UAS with two-inch lettering. Official marking systems for UAS have not
yet been established for operations inside the NAS. However, the Applicant is prepared to mark the UAS with
appropriate sized markings for the UAS. This can include identification as the name of the organization, its
location of origin and aircraft serial numbers. The UAS Ground Control Station will also have proper marking
§ 45.29(f) where the Pilot, Visual Observer(s), and others working with the UAS will see the identification of
the UAS and GCS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A
and 11112, 11136, 11109, and 11062.

          14 CFR § 61.113(A) & (B); 61.133(A): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS; PILOT IN
                            COMMAND; COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) provide regulations for the limitation of private pilot privileges to non-commercial
operations. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual to hold a commercial pilot's license when acting as pilot
in command of an aircraft used for compensation or hire. UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers. The
proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety by requiring the UAS PIC to undergo UAS flight
instruction, hold at least a private pilot's license or other FAA recognized equivalent, rather than a
commercial pilot's license to operate small UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft which carries a pilot and
passenger(s), UAS are remotely controlled with no souls on board. The area of operation is limited with
flights not exceeding 400 feet in altitude and not out of visual line of sight. All flights are planned and
coordinated in advance and will be monitored by both the PIC operator, Visual Observer(s) and Ground
Control Station and will follow all requirements to ensure compliance with safety regulations.

Further provisions will take into account the safety features and characteristics of the UAS. UAS navigational
system and autopilot's have a high degree of preset automated navigational control with built-in technical
capabilities that will limit the ability for UAS to operate outside of the flight operations envelop. Automated
features and advanced fly-safe controls consistently enable safe and reliable operation.

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 10
Flight safety is a priority, no matter the flight operating environment. Because there are no souls on board,
UAS offer superior safety over manned aircraft in flying low altitude flights. UAS will operate with multiple
built-in safety features-

      UAS navigation and auto pilot system will fly a preset flight path autonomously or fly in manual
          override.

      UAS flight software automatically and systematically scans for system anomalies while in flight.
          Detected issues are then handled with configurable preset automated response behavior such as
          return-to-home, loiter and auto-land functionality.

      UAS has capability to auto detect loss of GPS link. If link is lost, a warning alarm is indicated and the
          UAS initiates an immediate landing.

      If UAS detects a low battery, a warning alarm sounds and UAS will return to home and land.
      If UAS loss of link to the Ground Control Station occurs the UAS will perform its preset response to

          the condition by performing an auto-land.
      UAS flight time and battery power charge/minutes are displayed at all times. UAS will return home

          and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached or battery power reaches 25%.
      UAS have the ability to set up no-fly zones. These virtual boundaries will contain UAS flight

          operations not allowing UAS to fly horizontally and/or vertically outside the pre-planned flight area.
      UAS safety pre-flight checks and system status assessments prior to takeoff also include system self-

          calibration of flight sensors. If problems with flight sensors are detected the automated pre-flight
          phase will abort.

These safety features, characteristics and advanced controls can be learned through proper flight instruction
and hands on UAS pilot training. With UAS pilot training, there is a reduction of risk associated with the
operation of UAS. Risks are mitigated due to size, speed, weight, operational capabilities, safety features and
advanced navigational controls. The level of risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial
operations considered by Part 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) is considerably greater
than that of UAS operations as defined by this petition. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety is exceeded
over the current level of safety required under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) § 61.133(a).

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption Nos. 11110, 11109, 11062,
11065, 11067, 11136 and 11138.

                                          14 CFR § 91.103: PREFLIGHT ACTION

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to ensure the safety of
the flight. As FAA approved flight manuals will not be provided for the UAS, an exemption will be needed.
To provide for an equivalent level of safety the following protocols will be in effect. The Pilot in Command
and Ground Control Station crew will take all actions including: systematic and comprehensive pre-flight
checks, safety plan review, weather updates, briefing of flight plan operations, flight battery power needs
and requirements, aircraft performance data and landing/takeoff distances before proceeding with flight
operations.

Summary of Pre-flight Checklist Items

      Visual inspection of entire airframe

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 11
      Visual inspections of fuselage, wings/rotor integrity
      Run-up testing and battery power charge checks of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station,

          radio transmitter)
      Check altimeter is set to zero at UAS launch site/landing zones, check GPS altitude, location,

          compass heading/bearing
      Verify communication between PIC, VO(s) and/or GS crew

The failure of any portion of the pre-flight check will prevent take-off. Pre-flight checks which cannot be
passed by the onboard flight system will be investigated and remedied by a qualified person prior to each
flight. This will be noted in the flight log for inclusion within the regular maintenance schedule.

                                       14 CFR § 91.109(A): FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is
being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

UAS are remotely piloted aircraft that do not, by their nature, have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a remotely operated hand-held controller that communicates
with the aircraft via radio telemetry. During flight instruction, UAS will be flown by both student and
instructor using separate flight controllers simultaneously. If necessary for failover safety, the Ground
Control Station can override and perform an immediate auto-land. However, during typical flight operations,
flights are either manually flown, controlled on the fly by point and click navigational commands or with
predetermined way points and flight paths. Pilot has the ability to override preset flight paths.

In summary, the equivalent level of safety is exceeded due to the fact that neither a pilot nor passenger(s)
are onboard the UAS. In addition, the UAS is small in size, slow in speed and flies at low altitudes. Other
weight and material characteristics of the UAS are also considered contributing factors for safety. With this
the Applicant believes that the previously outlined safety features provide for an increased level of safety
over current regulations.

The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls for a number of
aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 11109, 11138, 11110.

                                   14 CFR § 91.119(C): MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c) limits aircraft
flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open
water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to
any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Because aerial survey, monitoring, mapping, inspection or data collection work must be accomplished at
relatively low altitudes and at altitudes preferably less than 400 feet AGL, an exemption from Section
91.119(c) is requested.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and locations of flight operations
areas. No flight operations will occur without the permission of the property owner or land management
entities. Advance notice to the property owner or land managing entities, will ensure the correct individuals
will be notified of planned flight operations. In addition, small size, weight, and low speeds of UAS,

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 12
contribute to very minimal hazards to persons, property, vessels, vehicles or structures. Autopilot features
include a governor preset that will inhibit flights above 400 ft. AGL. Due to the extremely low altitude flights
planned for UAS operations, it is not allowable, feasible or safe for conventional aircraft to fly within these
parameters. Therefore, associated risks are marginal and do not compare to traditional manned aircraft
flights operating at this altitude and should be considered for exemption.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions: 4063, 11138, 11136, 11112, 11110,
11109, 11080, 11066, 11063, 11062 and 11067.

                                         14 CFR § 91.121: ALTIMETER SETTINGS

Section 91.121 requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference
to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. Some UAS have
a barometric pressure sensor, while others only use GPS for elevation or altitude. When a barometric
pressure sensor is on the UAS, it is corrected to the point of take-off; this is in close proximity to the PIC and
not at a departure airport. The altitude reading will be relative to that launch point on the ground.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC and GS crew. As part of the pre-flight checklist, the
PIC and the GCS crew will confirm the elevation or altitude of the launch site. Using the altitude of the launch
site shown on the GPS altitude indicator and then confirming the UAS AGL altimeter is set to zero on the
ground before each flight is initiated. The altitude of the UAS will also be displayed via telemetry at the GS
and will be constantly monitored by the PIC and GS crew during the entire flight operation.

Please note similar exemptions have been granted: 11153, 11150, 11138, 11136, 11159 and 11159.

                     14 CFR § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30
minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

Different UAS batteries provide a range of powered flight times, depending on elevation, density altitude,
wind and other environmental conditions. However, because UAS does not require landings at airports or
airstrips, time in fuel as a safety buffer for go-arounds, delays for landing or diversion to another airport or
airstrip is unnecessary. Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by calculating
flight operations to planned landing zones with sufficient power for safe landings or by maintaining 25% of
reserve battery power whichever happens first. This criteria will be more than adequate to return the UAS to
its planned landing zone from anywhere within the flight operations area.

Operating the UAS, without 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section
91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size, weight and speed at which the UAS operates. The UAS are
constructed of lightweight materials, and have no onboard pilot, passenger(s), or cargo. The risk to human
life and property is extremely minimal. In the unlikely event that the UAS is drained of battery power, it
would simply auto-land. Given the UAS dimensions and weight, and proven the risks are clearly less than the

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 13
risk associated with conventional aircraft represented by this regulation, an equivalent level of safety is
exceeded, and an exemption from § 14 CFR 91.151 is requested.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, 10808,
11138, 11136, 11112, 10650, and 10159.

                14 CFR § 91.405(A); 407(A)(1); 409(A)(2); 417(A): MAINTENANCE INSPECTIONS

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed
in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of
this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..." Section 91.407 similarly
makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the
issuance of an air worthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records
of maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots
and records of approval for aircraft return to service.

Since UAS are small in size and cannot carry pilot/passengers, they are not considered complex mechanical
equipment. UAS will operate only within flight operation areas and no higher than 400 ft AGL. If mechanical
issues arise, the UAS can land immediately within the designated flight operation area. The equivalent level
of safety will be achieved as UAS PIC and GS crew will ensure that UAS are in proper working order prior to
initiating flight operations. This will occur through required pre-flight checks, regular UAS maintenance, and
keeping a documented log of any date/ type of maintenance performed.

Similar exemptions have been granted including: 11159, 11157, 11150, 11153, 11138, 11136, 11109 and
11080.

                                                         APPENDIX C

                               SUMMARY OF SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

Take Flight UAS, LLC hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption application to allow
commercial operation of UAS. With petition approval, the Applicant intends to acquire and provide aerial
imagery and data solutions in support of scientific research and monitoring activities as they apply to natural
resource based interests and precision production agriculture. For instance these will include cropland
observations (growth yields, fertilization and nutrient distribution, soils and plant moisture content, mold and
blight occurrence, and pest management), irrigation water conservation methods, invasive species
monitoring, geologic and geomorphic surveys, forest and rangeland health, wildlife monitoring, wildfire
management, and habitat restoration. Additionally, uses of UAS include assisting in humanitarian relief
efforts, emergency disaster response and Search & Rescue (SAR) operations.

The application of UAS in these instances has the ability to produce valuable and sustainable products
enhancing industry and public land operations. These products will provide definitive results for improving
precision production agriculture and natural resource based activities. In time, the specific benefits will
provide increased crop harvest quality and quantity throughout growing areas where prudent water use and
irrigation are required. Implementing UAS for emergency disaster and SAR operations will result in more
efficient, decisive reaction plans while significantly decreasing response time. This will help to provide the

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC  Page 14
best solutions for the situation ­ without increasing risk to human lives. An exemption is requested from the
following regulations:

14 CFR                SUMMARY OF REGULATION
PART

PART 21 AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATION

21, SUBPART H CERTIFICATION PROCEDURES FOR PRODUCTS AND PARTS, AIRWORTHINESS CERTIFICATES

PART 61 CERTIFICATION: PILOTS, LIGHT INSTRUCTORS, AND GROUND INSTRUCTORS

61.113(A)(B)          PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS; PILOT IN COMMAND;

61.133(A)             COMMERCIAL PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS

PART 91 GENERAL OPERATING AND FLIGHT RULES

91.203(A)(B)          CARRYING CIVIL AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION AND REGISTRATION

91.7(A)               CIVIL AIRCRAFT AIRWORTHINESS

91.9(B)(2)            CIVIL AIRCRAFT FLIGHT MANUAL IN THE AIRCRAFT

91.9(C) 45.23(B) MARKING OF THE AIRCRAFT

91.103                PREFLIGHT ACTION

91.109(A)             FLIGHT INSTRUCTION

91.119(C)             MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES

91.121                ALTIMETER SETTINGS

91.151(A)             FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHTS IN VFR CONDITIONS

91.405(A)             MAINTENANCE REQUIRED

91.407(A)(1)          OPERATION AFTER MAINTENANCE

91.409(A)(2)          INSPECTIONS

91.417 (A)            MAINTENANCE RECORDS

TAKE FLIGHT UAS, LLC                                                               Page 15
