June 30, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11958
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1197

Mr. Terence G. Haglund
205-B Bulifants Boulevard
Williamsburg, VA 23188

Dear Mr. Haglund:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2 Vision+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Terence G. Haglund is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Terence G. Haglund is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
17 April 2015

The following petition is submitted by TERENCE G. HAGLUND, Petitioner, and made to

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON, DC 20591

for an exemption from Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) Sections
45.23(a)(b); 45.27(a); 45.29; 47.15; 91.7(a); 91.119(b)(c); 91.121, 91.151(a); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) & (b).

ALL OPERATIONS WILL BE CONDUCTED BELOW 200 FEET, WITHIN
VISUAL-LINE-OF-SIGHT, DURING DAYLIGHT HOURS AND ROUGHLY
FIVE MILES AWAY FROM ANY AIRPORT OR HELIPORT LOCATION.

PREVIOUS GRANT OF EXEMPTION

I submit the following approved exemption as reference (a):

Exemption No. 11191 / Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0915

By letter dated July 12, 2014, Mr. Michael Singer of Singer's Creations, of Harrisburg,
PA., petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an exemption from 14 CFR
Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14
CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(l); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(l); 14
CFR 91.409 (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations
(14CFR). The proposed exemption would allow Singer's Creations to operate the
PHANTOM 2 Vision+ quadcopter unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
videography and cinematography to enhance academic community awareness for those
individuals and companies unfamiliar with the geographical layout of the metro Tucson
area and augment real estate listing videos.

The FAAs decision pertaining to Exemption No. 11191:
"In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public
interest. Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113,and
44701, delegated to me by the Administrator, Singer's Creations is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1),
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent
necessary to conduct aerial photography and videography for homeowners, realtors,
home builders, home contractors, and/or home inspectors for use in real estate
marketing and inspections of home exteriors."

                                             ************

CURRENT PETITION FOR EXEMPTION

I, TERENCE G. HAGLUND, submit the following:

Summary of request
I am submitting this petition pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, so that I may operate the DJI
PHANTOM 2 Vision+ (or similar, should newer, safer and/or more advanced models
become available) quadcopter unmanned aircraft system (UAS) for the limited purpose
of conducting aerial photography and videography below 200 feet AGL and further than
5 miles from any airport or heliport, in order to safely and legally capture aerial
photography and videography for use by owners of commercial and residential
properties, building contractors and inspectors, developers, realty agents, and for the
inspection of stacks, towers, bridges, power lines, wind turbines, generating facilities
and other infrastructure. for compensation or hire. I will also offer at no charge aerial
photo/video services to law enforcement and other first responder agencies.

In reference (a), Exemption No. 11191 (which is essentially identical to my request), an
exemption was approved for an individual with no pilot certificate or experience. I
currently hold a commercial pilot certificate, MEL, SEL, and instrument ratings. I
formerly held certificated flight instructor and advanced ground instructor certificates. I
will be supporting my request with the following information:

1) Uploaded file Drone Exemption Request ­ Terence G. Haglund.pdf, 2) PHANTOM
Flying Flow Chart V1.0 (Simplified Version); 3) PHANTOM 2 Vision+ Quick Start Guide,
4) PHANTOM 2 Vision+ Pilot Training Guide v1.1; 5) PHANTOM 2 Vision+ User
Manual v1.8, (all hereinafter referred to as operating documents); and 6) Personal
protocols and controls.
I believe my request for exemption as outlined in the uploaded file Drone Exemption
Request ­ Terence G. Haglund.pdf is warranted in this case and respectfully request
that it be granted without termination date for the reasons I have stated therein. Aerial
photography and videography operations for private and/or commercial properties and
businesses benefit the public with enhanced perspectives of characteristics, amenities,
and benefits a property has that cannot be displayed through ground level photography
and videography. Aerial videography and photography for inspections of stacks, towers,
bridges, power lines, wind turbines, generating facilities and other infrastructure
provides a much higher level of safety to the public and the structures at a fraction of the
cost and without the burning of fossil fuels which contaminate the atmosphere. And
while this is essentially the same request as the one granted under Exemption No.
11191 / Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0915, my request goes further in that I
currently hold a commercial pilot certificate.

Thank you for your time and attention to my request.

Yours truly,

                      

Terence G. Haglund
17 April 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: REQUEST FOR EXEMPTION UNDER SECTION 333 FROM 14 CFR PART 21,
SUBPART H; 14 CFR 61.113 (A) AND (B); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151;
(A); 14 CFR 91.405 (A); 14 CFR 91.407 (A)(L); 14 CFR 91.409 (A)(L); 14 CFR 91.409 (A)(2);
14 CFR 91.417 (A) AND (B)

Dear Sir or Madam:

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
Reform Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, Petitioner hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial use of its Small
Unmanned Aircraft Systems (SUASs), so long as such operations are conducted within
and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

An exemption is being requested because (1) existing regulations will burden Petitioner,
(2) Petitioner can provide a level of safety that is equal (or greater than in many cases)
to those provided by existing rules, and (3) the request is in the public interest. The
FAA's authority to issue exemptions from operating rules, and the Secretary's authority
granted by Section 333 of P.L. 112-95, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft
Systems, provide an opportunity to authorize certain SUAS operations in the National
Airspace System (NAS) prior to implementation of the SUAS rule. This incremental step
will allow Petitioner to safely and legally enter into the NAS.

As described in detail below, the requested exemption would permit Petitioner to
operate SUASs under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited, (2)
predetermined, (3) controlled as to access, and (4) would provide safety enhancements
to the already safe operations of those aircraft of similar size, weight, speed, and
operating capability that have been granted entry into the NAS via the rules in Academy
of Model Aeronautics (AMA) National Aircraft Safety Code.1

ALL COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS WILL BE CONDUCTED BELOW 200
FEET, WITHIN VISUAL-LINE-OF-SIGHT, DURING DAYLIGHT HOURS
AND ROUGHLY FIVE MILES AWAY FROM ANY AIRPORT OR HELIPORT
LOCATION.

Approval of this exemption would thereby greatly enhance safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the Secretary) responsibilities to " ... establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system" per Section 333 (c) of the Reform Act.2

Petitioner is requesting exemption from the following regulations:
14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H 14
CFR 61.23 (a)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b) 14
CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a) 14

                                                                                                                
1  See the attached" AMA SafetyCode.pdf document.   
2  Petitioner interprets this provision to place the duty on the Secretary to not only process applications for

exemptions under section 333 of the Reform Act, but for the Secretary to craft conditions for safe
operations of SUAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the

statutory requirements for approval.  
CFR 91.405 (a) 14 CFR
91.407 (a)(l) 14 CFR
91.409 (a)(l) 14 CFR
91.409 (a)(2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333 (a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary to consider
whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before
completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making
this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which types of SUAS' do not
create a hazard to users of the NAS, to the public, or pose a threat to national security.

Section 333 of the Reform Act grants the Secretary authority to determine (1) if an
unmanned aircraft system, as a result of its size, weight, speed, operational capability,
proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight
(VLOS) does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or pose a threat to
national security, and (2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or
airworthiness certification under 49 USC 44704 is required for the operation of civil
(nongovernmental) UASs. Therefore, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles
"may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system". 3

Operation Overview
Petitioner's DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ ("SUAS") is a quadcopter, weighing 3 or fewer Ibs.
(including payload). The aircraft has the capability to hover and move in the vertical and
horizontal planes simultaneously. They will operate only in visual line of slight (VLOS)
and will operate only in tightly controlled and limited airspace. They are capable of
operating at speeds of up to 29 knots, but will be routinely operated at much lower
                                                                                                                
3  Reform Act Section 333 (b)  
speeds. They will routinely be operated below 200 feet above ground level (AGL), and
unless and until regulations permit otherwise, never about 400 feet AGL.

Aerial photography and videography services will be offered for use by owners of
commercial and residential properties, building contractors and inspectors, developers,
realty agents, law enforcement and other first responders, and for the inspection of
stacks, towers, bridges, power lines, wind turbines, generating facilities and other
infrastructure. All operations (with the possible exception of assisting law
enforcement/first responders) will be conducted on private property and with the written
and/or oral permission of the property owner(s). Operations will always be conducted in
areas that are clear of people, except the pilot in command (PIC) and the PIC's
helper(s). Such operations will ensure that the UAS will "not create a hazard to users of
the national airspace system or the public" 4

Aircraft
Petitioner operates a Phantom 2 Vision+ (Phantom) SUAS manufactured by DJI, a well-
known leader in quadcopter technology. DJI strives to bring new perspectives to aerial
work and helps companies accomplish feats safer, faster, and with greater efficiency.
They have an unparalleled commitment to R&D, a culture of constant innovation, and a
focus on transforming complex technology into easy-to-use devices.

The standard Phantom quadcopter package includes the Phantom itself, camera,
gimbal, propulsion system, flight control system, 5.8 GHz remote controller, and 2.4
GHz Wi-Fi communication system. The remote uses a 5.8 GHz frequency to prevent
interference with the video/telemetry channel. This second channel allows for a
constant connection with the Phantom to monitor it via a smartphone that is attached to
the remote controller.

The Phantom is about 1 foot square in size. It has a maximum ascent speed of 11
                                                                                                                
4  http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision-plus  
knots, a maximum descent speed of 3 knots, and a maximum flight speed of 29 knots.
While operating within VLOS, the remote control has a range of 2,624 feet. The total
weight (including the payload) is 2.55 pounds. 5
The Phantom is equipped with a DJI Naza-M V2 flight control system. This provides for
incredible ease of use and stability. Pilots can control the Phantom's movements in
many directions - including forward and backward, climb and descend, yaw (turn left
and right), and roll (bank left or right). The flight control system can also provide
Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC), failsafe, battery level warnings, and show the
aircraft's current heading, direction, and approximate distance from home on the on-
screen radar. The built-in GPS system aids in stabilizing the aircraft and automatically
and safely returns it back to its home point if communication between the remote
control and quadcopter are lost or the battery level becomes too low.

The Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric
altimeter that measures both attitude (ATTI) and altitude. The inertial measurement tells
the Phantom how it's tilted. And the gyros tell it if it's rotating in any particular direction.

The Phantom's compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the Global
Positioning System (GPS) to accurately calculate the position and height of the aircraft.
The vertical hover accuracy is +/- 2.6 ft. The horizontal hover accuracy is +/- 8.2 ft.

The Phantom has LED flight indicators beneath each of its four rotor arms. The LEDs
illuminate to indicate the status of the flight control system and alert the PIC of any
possible issues.

Such highly advanced capabilities will ensure that the Phantom can be safely operated and
"not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 6

                                                                                                                
5  http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-2-vision/spec
  
6  Reform Act Section 333 (b)  
Equivalent Level of Safety
In an effort to join the FAA in its mission to provide the safest, most efficient aerospace
system in the world and to minimize the risk to the NAS or to persons and property on
the ground, Petitioner agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions
when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

         A. For the purposes of ensuring the aircraft will be operated within the standards
         that the FAA has allowed in the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code, except
         as modified or superseded by the proposed FAR Part 107:

                  1. SUASs will not be flown:
                           a. In a careless or reckless manner.
                           b. At a location where SUAS activities are prohibited.

                  2. SUAS pilots will:
                           a. Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.
                           b. See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter will be used when
                           appropriate. 7
                           c. Not conduct commercial operations higher than 200 feet above
                           ground level or within five (5) miles of an airport or heliport without
                           notifying the airport operator, until such time as the FARs have
                           been written or revised to permit higher flights or flights closer to an
                           airport.
                           d. Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport,
                           heliport or seaplane base except where there is a mixed-use
                           agreement.
                           e. Not exceed a takeoff weight of 55 pounds (including payload).
                           f. Ensure that the aircraft is identified by affixing the owner's contact
                           information to the outside of the SUAS.

                                                                                                                
7  AMA Document #540-D
  
                           g. Not operate SUAS while under the influence of alcohol or while
                           using any drug that could adversely affect the PIC's ability to safely
                           control the model.
                           h. Not operate SUASs carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or
                           burn, or any device that propels a projectile or drops any object that
                           creates a hazard to persons or property.
                  3. SUASs will not be flown unless:
                           a. The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully
                           demonstrated all maneuvers intended or anticipated prior to the
                           specific event.
                           b. An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.
                  4. All pilots will avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels,
                  vehicles or structures and shall avoid endangerment of life and property of
                  others.
                  5. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance
         with manufacturer's recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a
         new or repaired model aircraft.
                  6. SUASs will use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by
         the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
                  7. SUASs will not knowingly operate within five (5) miles of any pre-
                  existing flying site without a frequency-management agreement.8
                  8. Excluding takeoff and landing, no SUASs will be flown outdoors
                  closer than 25 feet to any individual, except for the PIC and the PIC's
                  helper(s) located at the takeoff/landing site.
                  9. Under no circumstances will a pilot or other person touch a SUAS
                  in flight while it is still under power, except to divert it from striking an
                  individual.
                  10. The PIC of the SUAS shall:
                           a. Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual
                                                                                                                
8  AMA Documents #922 and #923  
                  contact without enhancement other than by corrective lenses
                  prescribed for the pilot.
                  b. Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person View (FPV)
                  only in accordance with the procedures outlined in AMA Document
                  #550.
                  c. Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only
                  in accordance with the procedures outlined in AMA Document
                  #560.
         11. The flying area will be clear of all utility wires or poles and, except
         for utility line inspections, an SUAV will not be flown closer than 50 feet to
         any above-ground electric utility lines.
         12. The flying area will be clear before the engines are started, except
for PIC and the PIC's helper(s).

B. In addition to the above rules outlined by the AMA National Model Aircraft
Safety Code and in an effort to enhance the safety offered by the already safe
operations mentioned above, Petitioner also agrees to be bound by the following
limitations and conditions:

         1. Flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC.
         2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30
         minutes. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve should
         that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
         3. The SUAS will only operate in tightly controlled and limited
         airspace.
         4. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned SUAS
         operations prior to each flight. It will be mandatory that all personnel who
         will be performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be
         present for this briefing.
         5. The PIC and the PIC's helper(s) will have been trained in operation
         of SUAS and received up-to-date information on the particular SUAS to be
                  operated.
                  6. The pilot and the PIC's helper(s) will at all times be able to
                  communicate by voice.
                  7. If the SUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the
                  SUAS will have capability to return to a pre-determined location within the
                  security perimeter and safely land.
                  8. The SUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of
                  unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                  9. With the possible exception of flights conducted in support of law
                  enforcement/first responder operations, all flights will be conducted on
                  private property and with the written and/or oral permission of the property
                  owner(s).
                  10. Flights will always be conducted in areas that are clear of all
                  people, except for the PIC and the PIC's helper(s).
                  11. All flights will be conducted outdoors in visual meteorological
                  conditions (VMC) and never during severe weather conditions.
                  12. Flights will not occur in weather conditions that prevent the PIC
                  from operating within visual line-of-sight (VLOS) at all times or in weather
                  conditions that dramatically affect the UAS's flight (e.g. high winds).
                  13. If an operation occurs in an area where people could inadvertently
                  enter the area, an operational border will be established with traffic cones.
                  If it is not feasible to use traffic cones due to interference with the
                  photography/videography, the PIC's helper(s) will be responsible for
                  keeping a safe perimeter around the operation. The operation will cease
                  immediately and be rescheduled if it is impossible to establish a safe
                  perimeter around the operation.

The operation of SUAS weighing less than 3 pounds, conducted in the strict conditions
as outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements
of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations.

These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a tightly
controlled environment. As a result, they offer a much safer way to capture aerial
photography and videography. Furthermore, the proposed operations represent a
safety enhancement to the already safe operations that have been granted by the FAA
for the establishment of the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code.

Preflight Action Plan
The PIC will follow a comprehensive pre-flight checklist to ensure that the SUAS is in a
condition for safe flight. This plan will be revised as needed in order to ensure all known
safety precautions and/or safety precautions suggested by the manufacturer are being
accounted for.

         A. Pre-flight Inspection
                  1. Check that the remote control, aircraft battery, Wi-Fi range
                   extender, and smartphone are all fully charged.
                  2. Verify that the aircraft battery is not swollen or damaged in any way.
                  Clean the contact needles and pads if necessary.
                  3. Manually turn the motor shafts to verify they are smooth and
                  without excessive play or binding.
                  4. Verify that the propellers are mounted correctly. Propellers with a
                  black top shall be mounted on the mount shafts that have a black dot.
                  Propellers with a silver top shall be mounted on the mount shafts that have
                  a silver dot. Each propeller should spin all the way down onto the motor
                  shaft.
                  5. Run finger along the edge of edge of each rotor blade to check for
                  any rough edges.
                  6. Flex both sides of the rotor blades to check for hairline cracks
                  where the blades connect in the center of the rotor.
         7. Verify that the landing gear is secure (not cracked/broken/loose).
         8. Verify that the compass and compass cable is firmly attached to the
         landing gear.
         9. Verify that the Micro-SD card has been inserted and formatted.
         10. Verify that the damping absorbers are not broken and/or worn.
         11. Verify that the anti-drop pins are in place and locked.
         12. Remove the gimbal guard and camera lens cap.
         13. Verify that the camera is secure and clean. Inspect the camera
         ribbon cables for tears and/or signs of wear.
         14. Verify that the smartphone's or tablet's GPS is enabled.
         15. Set the smartphone or tablet to do-not-disturb mode to prevent
         distractions while flying.
         16. Set the smartphone or tablet to forget any Wi-Fi networks in range
         in order to prevent the Wi-Fi connection from changing mid-flight.
         17. Verify that the smartphone or tablet's audio is on to ensure the low
         battery warning and other alarms can be heard.
B. Power Up
         1. Verify that S1 and S2 switches are in the top position on the remote
control.
         2. Power on the equipment in the following sequential order:

                  a. Range Extender ("System" is blinking green; "Power" is solid
                  green)
                  b. Remote Control (2 beeps to indicate it's in FCC mode)
                  c. Insert and start the Phantom battery.
         3. Watch the Phantom LED startup sequence for abnormal
         indications. The rear LEDs should blink green for at least 10-15 seconds
         to indicate that it locked onto 6+ satellites and has marked the home point
         (for use by the failsafe feature).
         4. Calibrate the Phantom's compass.
         5. Place the Phantom at least 10 feet away on open, flat ground with
         the battery indicators facing towards the PIC.

C. DJI Vision Application
         1. Connect the smartphone or tablet Wi-Fi to the range extender.
         2. Launch the "DJI Vision" application on the smartphone.
                  a. Verify that the Wi-Fi connection is "Phantom-#####" and is
                  marked with a green dot.
                  b. Verify the number of satellites is 6+.
                  c. Verify the Wi-Fi signal strength.
                  d. Verify that the Phantom and range extender batteries are
                  reporting a full charge.
                  e. Verify that both the PIC's and Phantom's location are the
                  same before taking off to ensure the home point has been
                  accurately marked.
                  f. Verify the location of the Phantom in the "Flight Radar". If it's
                  not in the correct position/direction and/or shows a distance of "N/
                  A", it did not mark the home point.
                  g. Use the "Find my Phantom" feature to ensure the blue (home
                  point location) and red (Phantom location) dots are in the same
                  location on the screen.

D. Ready to Fly
         1. Verify that the remote control antenna is perpendicular to the
         ground (pointing skyward).
         2. Verify that the front, flat face of the range extender is pointed
         toward the Phantom.
         3. Verify that the rear LEDs are still slowly blinking green and still
         connected to 6+ satellites.
        4. Start the Phantom motors using the CSC command on the remote
        control.
        5. Verify that the motors are functioning normally, are not making any
                 unusual noises, and are all spinning at the same speed.
                 6. Verify that the area is still clear of obstructions, people, power lines,
                 etc.
                 7. Take off and hover at about 6-8 feet above the takeoff point to
                  verify that the Phantom has a solid GPS lock. If any abnormalities are
                  noticed (drifting, flying in circles, etc.), land immediately and repeat the
                  "Pre-flight Inspection" and "Power Up" sequences.
                 8. Verify that the Phantom holds a steady position while yawing 360
                 degrees.
                 9. Verify that the Phantom response appropriately to all controls - yaw
                  left/right, forward/backward, bank left/right, and throttle up/down.

Preventative Maintenance
A comprehensive preventative maintenance plan will be followed in order to ensure the
SUAS's software is up-to-date, the batteries are in good health, and the aircraft itself is
always ready for safe flight9.

Pilot in Command (PIC) Qualifications
The Petitioner is the holder of commercial pilot certificate 2133412, single and multi
engine land, single engine sea, with and instrument rating, and is a former certificated
flight instructor and advanced ground instructor.

The Petitioner holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration (Aviation
Administration) granted from the University of North Dakota. Courses in that curriculum
included lengthy studies of aviation meteorology and airspace regulations and
restrictions. Accordingly, It may be assumed that the Petitioner (with UH-34 Navy
helicopter experience and over 1500 hours of fixed wing experience, along with
hundreds of hours operating various radio controlled helicopters and quadrotors) has
                                                                                                                
9   See the "Preventative Maintenance Checklist" on page 41 of the attached "PhantomGuide.pdf"
document.  
the skill and ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle conducting commercial
operations below 200 feet within strictly controlled, pre-approved airspace. Since there
are no standards for either private or commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of
airspace regulations and dexterity in the control and operation of the SUAS acquired
from actual operation of the aircraft will be the most important factors in establishing an
equivalent level of safety.

Furthermore, the petitioner has accomplished the following:
        1. Performed in excess of 50 flights with the Phantom.
        2. Successfully learned and demonstrated all flight maneuvers in the "Phantom
            Pilot Training Guide".10
        3. Studied and is familiar with all sections of the "Phantom 2 Vision+ User
        Manual".11
        4. Studied and is familiar with all sections of the "Guide to the Phantom 2 Vision
             & Vision+" 12
        5. Studied, is familiar with, and can demonstrate (where possible) the "Always
             Be Prepared for the Worst" scenarios.13

Public Interest
Granting this exemption would benefit the public as a whole. SUASs offer a strong
equivalent or greater level of safety, a reduction in environmental impacts, and are free
from the harmful emissions associated with the manned aircraft that are currently used
for aerial photography and videography. Due to the small size of the SUAS and the
tightly controlled and limited airspace in which the SUAS will operate, approval of this
application presents no risk to the public. Furthermore, the public will be able to legally
                                                                                                                
10  See the attached "PhantomTrainingGuide.pdf" document.  
11  See the attached "PhantomUserManual.pdf" document.  
12  See the attached "PhantomGuide.pdf" document.  
13  See "Always be prepared for the Worst" on page 13 of the attached "Guide to the

Phantom 2 Vision & Vision+".

  
acquire aerial photography and videography to help in advertising commercial,
residential and agricultural property for sale or development, safely accessing high
and/or awkward areas of a building exteriors to assess damage that needs to be
repaired, and stack, tower, wind turbine and bridge inspections, and assisting first
responders at no charge in crowd management and search and rescue operations.

Privacy
Since most of the areas being photographed or videoed will be on private property,
accessed only after receiving written and/or oral consent by the property owner(s), and
clear of people except for the PIC and the PIC's helper(s), approval of this application
presents no risk to the public privacy. And as a former federal law enforcement officer
the petitioner is cognizant of and sensitive to privacy issues and the necessity to avoid
invasions of privacy rights.

National Security
Due to the small size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in
which the SUAS will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to national
security.

Requested Exemptions
Petitioner requests exemption from the following regulations since it is not possible to
fully comply with them, and since attempting to follow them for the purposes of
operating a SUAS would be unreasonably burdensome:

         Airworthiness Certificates 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H
         Subpart H establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
         airworthiness certificates as required by FAR 91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
         limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by Petitioner, an
         exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level
         of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation
Act (49 USC 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the
FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to
airports and populated areas of the particular SUAS. In all cases, an analysis of
these criteria demonstrates that the SUAS operated without an airworthiness
certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will
be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft operating with an
airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

Medical certificates 14 CFR 61.23 (a)
This regulation requires pilots of manned aircraft to hold a medical certificate.
Risks associated with the operation of the proposed SUAS are greatly diminished
from the level of risk associated with any manned aircraft due, in part, to the
SUAS' small size, light weight, low speed, and operational capabilities which
makes it much safer than any manned aircraft. And since operations will occur in
tightly controlled and limited airspace, obtaining and maintaining a medical
certificate would not improve the safety of the operation. In the very rare case of
a mishap, the SUAS being flown will pose significantly less of a threat than
manned helicopters and fixed wing aircraft because the SUASs are a tiny fraction
of the size, a fraction of the weight, will be flown at a fraction of the speed, carry
no flammable fuel, carry no crew or passengers, and will autonomously return to
home in the event of loss of communications with the pilot.

Civil Aircraft Airworthiness 14 CFR 91.7(a)
Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow Petitioner to determine that the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+
SUAS is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the SUAS
is in compliance with the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual, and that the
aircraft is in a condition for safe flight.
Petitioner seeks the requested relief because the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ does
not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
Subpart H. Therefore, prior to every flight, Petitioner will ensure that the DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+ is in an airworthy condition based upon a visual inspection, in
order to determine that the aircraft and its components are in compliance with its
type design and operating documents (i.e., the Phantom 2 Vision+ User Manual),
and that the aircraft can be operated safely pursuant to the conditions and
limitations stated herein.

Flight instruction 14 CFR 91.109
This regulation provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a
manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft
has fully functioning dual controls.

SUASs and other remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have fully
functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a
control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The
FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.
The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor
passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the small size and slow speed of
the aircraft.

Altimeter settings 14 CFR 91.121
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the
departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."
As the SUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a is equipped
with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS equipment that automatically
ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be established prior to each
flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the aircraft on the heads-
up display of the remote controller, an exemption may be needed. The operator
will achieve an equivalent level of safety by confirming the altitude of the launch
site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 14 CFR 91.151 (a)
This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming
normal cruising speed - (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes;
or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the SUAS provides a maximum of 35 minutes of powered
flight; that would make it impossible to meet the 30-minute reserve requirement.
Given the limitations on the SUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its
proposed operations within a predetermined area, a shorter time frame for flight in
daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or
25% of remaining battery power (whichever occurs first). This restriction would be
more than adequate to return the SUAS to its planned landing zone from
anywhere in its limited operating area.

Maintenance Inspections
14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(l); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(l); 14 CFR 91.409
(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have
discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...", and others
shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, they do not apply to the operation of this SUAS. The operator,
pursuant to the aforementioned DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ user manual and guide,
will accomplish any required maintenance. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small SUASs are very limited in size, will carry a small
payload, and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise, the SUAS can land immediately and will be operating
from no higher than 200 feet AGL (until such time as regulations permit
operations at higher altitudes). As outlined in the aforementioned Pre-flight
Action Plan, the operator will ensure that the SUAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight and will perform maintenance as required. Moreover, the operator
is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft
in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

In accordance with 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for
publication in the Federal Register:

Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21,
Subpart H; 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b); 14.CFR 91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR
91.121; 14 CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(l); 14 CFR
91.409 (a)(l) & (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) to commercially operate
small unmanned aircraft systems (55 Ibs. or less) below 200 feet AGL and
further than 5 miles from any airport or heliport, in order to safely and
legally capture aerial photography and videography for use by
homeowners, builders and inspectors, realty agents, first responders/law
enforcement, and for the inspection of stacks, towers, bridges, power lines,
wind turbines, generating facilities and other infrastructure.
The operation of SUASs conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide
an equivalent and/or greater level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21
and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
close to the ground, and in a sterile environment, and as a result, are far safer than
existing operations conducted with helicopters operating in close proximity to the
ground, people, or other buildings in the vicinity.

Given the small size of the SUASs involved, the slow speed at which they must be
operated in order to capture photos and videos, and the restricted environment within
which they will operate, the Phantom demonstrates that it can be operated within an
equivalent level of safety in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by
exemption, allow commercial operations of SUASs to commence immediately. Also, due
to the size of the SUASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant SUASs will
operate, approval of this application presents no threat to national security. Given the
clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations,
the significant public benefit - including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental
impacts, no emissions, ability to legally obtain aerial photography and videography
services - the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly,
Petitioner respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without
delay.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act - size, weight,
speed, operating capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within
the visual line of sight, public safety, and national security - provide more than adequate
justification to grant petitioner's requested exemption, allowing for commercial
operations as described herewith.
CONCLUSION

As set forth herein, Petitioner seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §11.61 and
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which will
permit safe operation of the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ SUAS commercially, without an
airworthiness certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial photography and
videography for use by owners of commercial and residential properties, realty agents,
builders, contractors, developers and/or inspectors, first responders/law enforcement,
and for inspections of stacks, towers, bridges, power lines, wind turbines, generating
facilities and other infrastructure, and any other lawful purposes, for compensation or
hire. By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing the
interests of the public, by allowing Petitioner to safely, efficiently, and economically
operate the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ SUAS commercially within the NAS.

WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Petitioner respectfully requests
that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements of 14
C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Petitioner to operate SUAS
commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial photography and videography for use
by owners of commercial and residential properties, realty agents, builders, contractors,
developers and/or inspectors, first responders/law enforcement, and for inspections of
stacks, towers, bridges, power lines, wind turbines, generating facilities and other
infrastructure, and any other lawful purposes, for compensation or hire. 

Dated: April 17, 2015

Sincerely,
Terence G. Haglund
Enclosures (4)   
