June 25, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11912
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1365

Mr. John Wright
Counsel for Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc.
The Law Office of John L. Wright
11705 Airport Way
Suite 307
Broomfield, CO 80021

Dear Mr. Wright:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
surveying, mapping, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Spreading Wings S800.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Spreading
         Wings S800 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                         THE LAW OFFICE OF JOHN L.WRIGHT, PC

                                    AVIATION ­ BUSINESS - HEALTH - TAX

                                       April 20, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Petition of Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. for Exemption Pursuant to
         Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

Dear Gentlemen:

       Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA")

and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. ("Terra Solva") hereby applies for an
exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial

operations of small, unmanned aerial vehicles by and through small, unmanned aerial systems
("sUAS") for aerial surveying, mapping and inspections.

      This exemption is requested in subject to and in conformance with those operations and

protocols outlined in this Petition, the enclosed UAS Professionals Flight Operations Manual ("Flight
Operations Manual"), the sUAS Operator's Handbook, which includes component parts

manufacturers' operations and/or instructions manuals ("Operator's Handbook") and any other
requirements established by the FAA pursuant to the FMRA.

         The Flight Operations Manual and Operator's Handbook both contain confidential, trade secret

and proprietary information that the Petitioner has not and will not share with others. Petitioner
submits the Flight Operations Manual and Operator's Handbook and all information contained therein

as proprietary and confidential information pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b). The Flight Operations
Manual and Operator's Handbook contain operating conditions and procedures that are not available

to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552 et
seq.

I. Description of Petitioner

       Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. is a consulting firm that specializes in professional survey,
mapping, and GIS services.

II. Statutory Authority

       This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the

integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to
Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to consider whether certain

unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the National Airspace ("NAS") before

JOHN L.WRIGHT, JD, LL.M. l CFI/I, MEI                       11705 Airport Way, Suite 307, Broomfield, CO 80021

jwright@FlyingLegal.com                www.FlyingLegal.com  p: 303-747-4000  f: 303-747-4001
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 2

completion of the formal UAS rulemaking, based on the following considerations:
    · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
    · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

       If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National
Airspace System, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the National Airspace System".

       Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its
safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§
44701(a), (b) and §§ 44702 ­ 44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the
reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not
adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing
rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81 (petitions for exemption).

       III. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the FMRA

       The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval
under Section 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other relevant factors
are satisfied.

       The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively inexpensive UAS
under controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) limited; (2) predetermined; (3) controlled as
to access; and that (4) provides an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or
rotor wing aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

       Petitioner's sUAS are rotorcraft, weighing 55 or fewer pounds including payload. They
operate, under normal conditions, at low speed and have the capability to hover, and move in
the vertical and horizontal plane. Petitioner's sUASs will operate in line of sight and will only
operate within those areas described in the enclosed Flight Operations Manual.

       Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted environment within which
they will operate, this petition exemption falls within the zone of safety i.e., an equivalent level
of safety, in which Congress desired the FAA to permit commercial UAS operations by
exemption pending completion of formal rulemaking. Also, due to the size of the sUASs and
the restricted area in which the sUASs will operate, approval of the application presents no
national security issue.

       Considering the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained
in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended, the equivalent level of safety surrounding the
proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, the grant of the requested exemptions is
also in the public interest.

                Accordingly, Petitioner respectfully requests the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 3

       IV. Proposed Operations

       The enclosed Manuals describe, in detail, the policies and procedures for Petitioner's
proposed sUAS operations. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment of Petitioner's proposed
sUAS operations, below is a summary of operational limitations and conditions, which will
ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted under current regulatory
guidelines:

                1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 pounds.

                2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the Operator.

                3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                    amount of time the sUAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery
                    power of no less than 25%.

                4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground
                    level ("AGL").

                5. Flights will be operated at a safe lateral distance from, and not directly above,
                    any inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, or people not associated
                    with the operation or who have not signed a waiver in advance of the
                    operation.

                6. The sUAS Pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's
                    certificate.

                7. The sUAS Pilot with Pilot in Command responsibilities for the flight will be
                    the designated Operator ("Operator").

                8. The sUAS will operate only within a confined areas as described in the Flight
                    Operations Manual.

                9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior
                    to each day's missions. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
                    performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for
                    this briefing.

                10. The Operator will have been trained in operations of sUAS generally and
                    received up-to-date information on the particular sUAS to be operated as
                    required in the Flight Operation Manual.

                11. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be
                    obtained.

                12. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                    county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                    appropriate governmental agencies.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 4

                13. If the sUAS loses transmission signal, the sUAS will have the capability to
                    return to a pre-determined location and land.

                14. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss
                    of transmitter communications or a loss of GPS signal.

                15. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted
                    obstacles or emergencies.

       V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

       The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act, including sUASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.

       Petitioner seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of 14 C.F.R. Parts 21,
45 and 91 for purposes of conducting aerial surveying, mapping and inspections using sUASs.
Listed below are (1) the specific sections of 14 C.F.R. for which exemption is sought, and (2)
the operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has established which will ensure a
level of safety better than or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.

              A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R.
                § 91.203(a) and (b)

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, which establishes
       the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness and registration certificates
       as required by 14 C.F.R.

              § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the sUAS
       to be utilized by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21, Subpart H, meets the
       requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the
       Reform Act.

              The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the
       FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
       consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
       and populated areas of the particular UAS.

              In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated
       without an airworthiness or registration certificate, in the restricted environment and
       under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe as, or safer than, a conventional
       rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without restrictions and conditions
       of the proposed sUAS operations.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              The sUAS to be operated hereunder, DJI Innovations S800 multi-rotor rotorcraft,
       weighs less than 55 pounds with payload, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no
       explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 5

      and sterile area. Unlike other civil aircraft, the proposed operations will be controlled and
      monitored by the Operator pursuant to the Flight Operations Manual's requirements.

              These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in
      connection with existing inspection operations, provide a greater degree of safety to the
      Petitioner's employees, members of the public, and property owners than conventional
      operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21,
      Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible
      threat to national security posed by the sUAS, due to its size, speed of operation, lack of
      explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external
      load.

              B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft

              14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
      certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent the Petitioner's sUAS would
      otherwise require certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part
      27's airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the exemption request
      from 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

              C. 14 CFR § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges And Limitations

              Petitioner seeks an additional exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts
      private pilot certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and which
      would also have the effect of requiring a second-class medical certificate.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              In Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA
      determined that an Operator with a private pilot certificate operating the Astraeus UAS
      would not adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to persons or
      property on the ground. Additionally, as previously determined by the Secretary of
      Transportation, the requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates security
      concerns over civil UAS operations conducted in accordance with Section 333. The
      aerial surveying, mapping and inspections conducted by Terra Solva occur in areas where
      access to the public is strictly limited and controlled. Under virtually all circumstances,
      all of the only property or structures are owned and operated by the same entity. As a
      result, the operations will not have a substantial impact on any third persons not involved
      in the inspection.

              Because Terra Solva will operate in a sterile area, the sUAS will be flown based on
      visual line-of-sight at altitudes below 500' AGL. Accordingly, Terra Solva request that
      this exemption be granted.

              D. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
               Identification Requirements

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
      requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 6

              14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard
      requirements, provides that:

              No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
      identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              The equivalent level of safety for exemptions to the aircraft marking and
      identification requirements of §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a) will be provided by
      having the sUAS marked on its fuselage as required by § 45.29(f).

              The FAA has previously issued the following exemptions to the aircraft marking
      requirements of § 45.23(b): Exemption Nos. 10700, 10167 and 10167A.

              E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from the flight manual requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
      91.9(b)(2), which states:

              (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­
              ...
              (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by § 21.5 of
      this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or
      Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings and placards, or any
      combination thereof.

              Given its physical dimensions, configuration and load capacity, the sUAS has no
      ability to carry such a manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board,
      but because there is simply no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              The safety related purpose of this manual requirement can be equally satisfied by
      maintaining the sUAS flight manual at the ground control point where the Operator will
      have immediate access to it. Accordingly, Petitioner requests an exemption from
      91.9(b)(2)'s flight manual requirements, on the condition that the sUAS flight manual be
      available at the control point during each operation.

              The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
      8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
      10700.

              F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil
      aircraft be in airworthy condition to be operated. Inasmuch there will be no airworthiness
      certificate issued for the sUAS, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory
      standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 7

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              The DJI Innovations S800 has a stellar safety record, demonstrating that the sUAS
      is airworthy. Further, given the size of the sUAS and the requirements contained in the
      Flight Operation Manual for maintenance and pre-flight safety check lists, an equivalent
      level of safety will be provided.

              The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos.
      8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
      10700.

              G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to
      become familiar with specific information before each flight, including information
      contained in the FAA-approved flight manual on board the aircraft. While the Operator
      will be familiar with all information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption
      is requested to the extent that an FAA-approved flight manual is required on board the
      aircraft.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Operator's
      Handbook. The Operator will take all required preflight actions - including reviewing
      weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distance, and aircraft
      performance data - before initiation of flight. The Operator's Handbook will be kept at
      the ground station with the operator at all times.

              H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides that
      "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used
      for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." sUASs and
      remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead,
      flight control is accomplished through the use of a box that communicates with the
      aircraft via radio communications.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              Given the size and speed of the sUAS, an equivalent level of safe training can still
      be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the sUAS,
      and all persons will be a safe distance away in the event that the sUAS experiences any
      difficulties during flight instruction.

              The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual
      controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft.
      Exemptions include: Nos. 5778K and 9862A.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 8

              I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

              Petitioner requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of
      14 C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which
      aircraft may not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person,
      vessel, vehicle, or structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section
      91.119(d) allows for a helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it
      can be operated "without hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that
      "each person operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically
      prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

              To provide the intended inspections, the sUAS is normally operated below 500 feet
      AGL. Additionally, due the nature of the proposed operations, the sUAS will maintain a
      safe lateral distance from inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, and vessels, and from
      people not associated with the operation.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
      55 pounds proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated
      with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional aircraft.
      An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
      UAS, as well as the location where it is operated. As set forth in the Flight Operation
      Manual, the sUAS will be operated in a restricted and sterile area, where buildings and
      people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent. Because of
      the advance notice to the property owners and participants, all affected individuals will be
      well aware of the planned flight operations as set forth in the Flight Operation Manual.

              Furthermore, by operating at such lower altitudes, the sUAS will not interfere with
      other aircraft that are subject to the minimum safe altitude regulations. Finally, the
      successful safety record of the DJI S800 demonstrates that the sUAS can be safely used
      at these lower altitudes and closer operating environments.

              J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

              This petition seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
      operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an
      altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An
      exemption is required because the sUAS does not have a barometric altimeter, but rather
      a GPS altitude read out.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures set forth
      in the Flight Operation Manual. As prescribed in the Flight Operation Manual, the
      operator will confirm the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator
      before flight. Moreover, the Operator will use the GPS altitude indicator to constantly
      monitor the sUAS's height, thus ensuring operation at safe altitudes.
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 9

              K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

              Petitioner requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for
      flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

              (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
      (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first
      point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

              (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

              (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

              Here, the battery powering the DJI Innovations S800 provides approximately 15
      minutes of powered flight. To meet the 30 minutes reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. §
      91.151, sUAS flights could not be conducted. Given the limitations on the sUAS's
      proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined
      area, a safety margin based on a reserve amount of battery life is needed. Petitioner will
      not be conducting any sUAS flights at night.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the operations will be
      conducted on-site without significant transit time by the sUAS. All flights will be planned
      to be terminated with no less than 25% reserve battery power still available. This
      restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS safely to the ground and its
      planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area even in the event of an
      unexpected occurrence. Operation of the sUAS with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel
      does not include the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given
      the size and speed of the small UAS, and the proximity of the flight operation to the
      landing zone.

              This request for exemption falls within the scope of prior exemptions, including
      Exemption Nos. 10673, 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

              L. 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
      Registration

              Petitioner seeks an exemption from civil aircraft certification and registration
      requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b). The regulation states in pertinent part:

              (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
      has within it the following:

              (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

              (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
      required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under

              § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 10

       passengers or crew.

              An exemption to this regulation is necessary because: (1) the sUAS's configuration,
       load capacity and size does not allow it to carry certification and registration documents;
       (2) the sUAS does not have a cabin or cockpit entrance at which documents could be
       displayed; and (3) there are no passengers or crew for whom the certificates need to be
       displayed.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              To the extent these regulations are applicable to the proposed sUAS operations, an
       equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
       control point where the Operator will have immediate access to them.

              The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation, including: Exemption
       Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

              M. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and
       (b): Maintenance Inspections

              Petitioner also seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements
       contained in 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a)
       and (b). These regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to
       14 C.F.R. Part 43. See, e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of
       an aircraft "[s]hall have the aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
       shall between required inspections ...have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
       of this chapter"). An exemption to these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these
       sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, which the sUAS will not
       have.

              Equivalent Level of Safety

              An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections
       will be performed in accordance with the Operator's Handbook as referenced in the
       Flight Operation Manual. As provided in the Flight Operation Manual, the operator will
       ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required
       maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. The operator is the person
       most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
       condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

              If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS's size and carrying capacity, and the fact that
       flight operations will only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time during
       daylight hours, creates less risk than that associated with conventional rotorcraft
       performing the same operation.

       VI. Public Interest

       Granting Terra Solva's exemption request furthers the public interest. National policy set
by Congress favors early integration of UAS into the national airspace in controlled, safe
working environments such as those propose in this petition. In addition, maintaining industrial
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 11

safety has been a priority of state and local governments for decades.

       By their nature, structural inspection sites present unique difficulties for persons
attempting to inspect and maintain the structure. The components can be tall and have limited
access. Sending a human observer or using helicopters to inspect such elevated structures carry
certain risks. These risks can be avoided by using a small UAS under controlled conditions to
photograph and document the state of the equipment. This helps to facilitate repairs and
identify issues before they become problems. Current options for inspecting structures and
conducting aerial site surveys and mapping is limited to using human personnel. Inspectors will
either use a normal rotor wing manned-aircraft or crane baskets to raise a human observers to
an elevated position. The use of an sUAS reduces the risk to human life by removing them
from dangerous aspects of the inspection process.

       In addition, granting the exception will help advance the knowledge base for conducting
commercial UAS operations. This additional data will help the FAA set future rules regarding
UAS flight operations, maintenance, and crew qualifications. The public also has an interest in
reducing the hazards and emissions associated with alternate use of helicopters to conduct
similar inspection operations. The UAS in question is very light weight and does not carry any
flammable fuel, further reducing the risk from any potential accident.

       VII. Privacy

       All flights will occur over public right-of-way or private property with the property
owner's prior consent and knowledge. The proposed operations will not have an impact on
privacy beyond those already implicated by current manned aircraft operations.

       VIII. Federal Registry Summary

       Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

       Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. seeks an exemption from the following rules:
14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR Part 27; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113; 14 CFR
91.7(a); 14 CFR 91.9(b)(2); 14 CFR 91.103; 14 CFR 91.109(a); 14 CFR 91.119; 14 CFR
91.121; 14 CFR 91.151(a); 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b); 14 CFR 91.405(a); 14 CFR 91.407(a)(1);
14 CFR 91.409(a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b).

       Approval of these exemptions allowing commercial operations of small and lightweight
unmanned aircraft ("sUAS") to conduct structural inspections will enhance safety by reducing
risk to Terra Solva's employees, the general public and property owners.

       The DJI Innovations sUAS, weighing less than 55 pounds, with payload, and powered by
batteries, eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible
fuel carried on board. The sUAS is transported to the designated survey area set up. It is not
flown from an external location to the work-site. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew
and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

       The operation of this small UAS will provide an equivalent level of safety, supporting the
grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight sUASs operate
U.S. Department of Transportation
April 20, 2015
Page 12

at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a controlled environment. As a result, they are far
safer than conventional aerial survey and inspection operations conducted with fixed wing
aircraft or helicopters.

       IX. Conclusion

       Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security--provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions to permit Terra Solva GIS LLC, Inc. to operate sUASs in
support of its aerial surveying, mapping and inspections in accordance with the Flight
Operation and Operator's Handbook appended hereto.

       Granting the requested exemption will benefit the public interest as a whole in many
ways, including (1) significantly improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human
exposure to danger, (2) improving the inspection process and decreasing operating costs, and
(3) providing an environmentally conscientious way of conducting site surveys and structural
inspections.

                                                                      Sincerely,

                                                    John L. Wright

Encls: -   Flight Operations Manual (confidential)
        -  sUAS Operator's Handbook (confidential)
        -  Exhibit A, S800 User Manual
        -  Exhibit B, Aurora 9 Manual
        -  Exhibit C, C35 Optima 679 Manual
        -  Exhibit D, Ground Station User Manual
        -  Exhibit E, BTU Manual
        -  Exhibit F, TIGER MOTOR MT2814 Manual
        -  Exhibit G, Operational Checklist
