June 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11732
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0007

Mr. Richard Harberts
Terraplane, LLC
148 Colchester Drive
Iowa City, IA 52245
Dear Mr. Harberts:
This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.
By letter dated December 31, 2014,1 you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Terraplane, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
acquisition and research.
See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.
The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 On May 11, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Ritewing Z3 Spade 47", Ritewing Z3 Spade 70",
Ritewing Z4 Spade 52", DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Spreading Wings
S1000, and ARF-MikroKopter OktoXL.2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection3. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 The petitioner also proposed to operate the Ritewing Drak 60" UAS. The FAA must conduct an assessment
on this aircraft, which also includes a finding that the proposed UAS meet the conditions in Section 333 of
Public Law 112-95. When the FAA completes its review, we will proceed accordingly and no further action
will be required by the petitioner.
3 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                        3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Terraplane, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Terraplane, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the the Ritewing Z3
    Spade 47", Ritewing Z3 Spade 70", Ritewing Z4 Spade 52", DJI Phantom 2, DJI

    Phantom 2 Vision+, DJI Spreading Wings S1000, and ARF-MikroKopter OktoXL

    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any

    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
                                                                                                            4

    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                              5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a

    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                               7

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 

 
  December 31, 2014

 
 
 
 

  U. S. Department of Transportation
  Docket Management System
  1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
  Washington, DC 20590
 
  Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

  Dear Sir or Madam:

  Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act"), Terraplane,
  LLC (the "Applicant"), planned operator of an Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("UAS") seeks an exemption from
  Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below and discussed in Appendix A. Attached, as Appendix C, is a
  summary of this request.

  The requested exemption would allow the Applicant to safely, efficiently, and economically use commercial UAS in
  the National Airspace System (NAS), so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions
  outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.
 
 As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize the Applicant to perform commercial
  operations with UAS that will provide the following benefits:
 

       1. Commercial use of UAS to perform aerial acquisition and research in support of government entities,
             agriculture industry, utility companies, local infrastructure, scientific studies, wildlife monitoring, mining,
             surveying, forestry, and much more. All of which are critical to the well-being of the general public.

       2. The use of UAS will decrease congestion in the NAS along with reducing the noise and air pollution
             generated during traditional manned aircraft flight operations.

       3. When using UAS to complement field personnel, they reduce safety concerns when gathering data from
             inaccessible or unstable/unsafe areas and in extreme weather or terrain.

       4. Operation of UAS will substantially reduce the risk to life and property in the air, and on the ground, which
             is commonly associated with traditional manned aircraft flight operations.

       5. Similar to the current manned aircraft flight operations that have been conducted for many decades, UAS
             used for similar tasks will not generate any new privacy issues.

 
 Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
 Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for the safe
 operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

 The name and address of the applicant are:

 Terraplane, LLC
 Attn: Richard Harberts
 Ph: 319-621-1158
 Email: ruharberts@gmail.com
 Address: 148 Colchester Drive
 Iowa City, Iowa, 52245

 The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
 

 14 C.F.R. 91.103;
 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.119;
 14 C.F.R. 91.121;
 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)

 Appendix A discusses each rule listed above and explains why exemptions pursuant to the proposal set
 forth in this letter are appropriate, provide an equivalent level of safety, and are in the public interest.
 
 

 QUALIFICATION FOR APPROVAL UNDER SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM ACT

 The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under Section
 333 of the Reform Act. Each of the statutory criteria and other potentially relevant factors are
 satisfied.

 The proposed operations would permit the use of small and relatively inexpensive UAS under
 controlled conditions in airspace that is: (1) limited; (2) predetermined; (3) controlled as to access,
 and; (4) would provide an increased level of safety beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing
 aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

 

 The UAS's planned to be operated are rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft, each weighing
 typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs., including payload. They would operate,
 under normal conditions, at a speed of no more than 50 knots. The principal construction
 material of the UAS aircraft would typically be foam and/or plastic. Operations will be
 performed by a qualified UAS Pilot in Command (PIC), as outlined below, to insure that the UAS
 will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." Given the
 small size of the UAS involved and the pre-planned environment within which they will operate,
 the applicant believes that these operations fall squarely within that zone of safety (an
 equivalent level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption,
 allow commercial operations of UAS to commence immediately. Also, due to the size of the
 UAS and the pre-defined, restricted area in which the UAS will operate, approval of the application
 presents no national security issue. The operation of UAS by knowledgeable professionals
 will serve to enhance safety, add to the public benefit, and reduce environmental impacts
 related to current methods of manned aircraft flight operations.

 

 These limitations and conditions to which the operator, or its employees, acting as UAS PIC
 agrees to be bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

 

          1. Safety will be the first and foremost consideration in any UAS operation.
          2. The UAS pilot will be considered Pilot in Command (PIC), whether flying or

                   supervising, and will be responsible for safe operation of the flight.
          3. Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC and/or an observer, which will be

                   at a distance of less than one (1) mile.
          4. The UAS will weigh typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs.
          5. The UAS will operate at a maximum speed of no greater than 50 knots.
          6. Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible. If operation in other

                   airspace is required, the relevant controlling agency will be notified at least 24 hours
                   prior to the operation and, if required, any necessary permission obtained.
          7. Aircraft shall not be operated within 3 miles of an airport without prior approval of, and
                   establishing a line of communication for the duration of the flight operation with, the
                   controlling authority of that airport.
          8. Aircraft shall avoid areas where manned aircraft can be expected to be descending
                   through 400ft.
          9. Aircraft shall maintain a minimum horizontal separation of no less than one (1) mile
                   from all other manned or unmanned airborne aircraft unless that other aircraft is
                   maintaining level flight or climbing at an altitude above 8000ft AGL.
          10. If at any time the operator see or hears another aircraft and it appears that aircraft
                   may come within one (1) mile of the operator's system, or it is questionable whether
                   or not it will do so, the operator shall immediately descend the system to 100 ft. AGL
                   or less and direct the system on a heading toward it's designated landing area, or
                   alternate landing area if necessary, until the system has landed or it is determined the
                   other aircraft has maintained a separation of one (1) mile.
          11. Flights will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements equivalent
 
 

                   to Visual Flight Rules (VFR).
          12. The UAS will at all times give way to any aircraft carrying persons.
          13. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the UAS PIC. An observer will be

                   utilized if the Risk Assessment, as detailed in Section 5.5 of the General Operations
                   Manual, determines the need. The observer and PIC will at all times be able to
                   communicate by voice.
          14. Prior to a UAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of operation
                   will include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the UAS will operate. Safety
                   procedures will be established for persons, property and applicable airspace within
                   the area of operation.
          15. The UAS shall operate from on-site takoff/landing locations directly next to the PIC
                   and/or Observer.
          16. Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 20% battery power remaining
                   as measured by the UAS or appropriate timing.
          17. The UAS will be equipped with an autopilot system which will be equivalent to or
                   better than a Pixhawk, Mikrokopter, WooKong, Sensefly, or Gatewing system. For
                   example, the UAS will utilize GPS navigation, failsafe's, return-to-home (RTH), and
                   flight abort safety features, among other built-in safety features.
          18. A Ground Station will be connected, by radio communication, to the UAS during the
                   entire flight, which will give the PIC flight information such as GPS Position, Altitude,
                   Battery Remaining, and other telemetry information.
          19. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to
                   operation at each new location. All personnel who will be performing duties within the
                   boundaries of the area of operation will be present for this briefing.
          20. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from appropriate state, county
                   or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
                   governmental agencies.
          21. Written, to include electronic, and/or oral permission from the relevant property
                   owners will be obtained prior to an operation.
          22. The UAS pilot will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the UAS to be
                   operated. This will include operation of the UAS both in normal and emergency
                   modes of operation, and will include familiarization with the operation manual (or
                   similar) if published by the UAS manufacturer. Training will also include types of
                   maneuvers to be performed and the safe operation in relation to persons, property
                   and applicable airspace.

 

 It is the applicant's belief that the size, weight, speed, operating environment, and operating
 capabilities provide an "equivalent level of safety" or better when operating a UAS for the public
 interest as outlined in Section 333 of the Reform Act. It is requested that the FAA issue an
 exemption to permit safe, legal, commercial UAS operation by the applicant as soon as
 possible.

 

Respectfully submitted, 

   

Richard Harberts
Terraplane, LLC
148 Colchester Drive
Iowa City, Iowa, 52245
319-621-1158

 
 

  Appendix A
 

                  EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
 

  The applicant requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
  additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of UAS's:
 
  14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
  14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)
 Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21,
 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
 issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the
 aircraft (typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs.) and the limited operating area
 associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate of airworthiness
 process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

 
 Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
 Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act
 both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate,
 upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports
 and populated areas of the UAS involved.
 
 In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
 airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer,
 than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. The UAS
 weighs typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry a
 pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate exclusively within an area
 pre-disclosed and in compliance with conditions set forth herein. Operations under this
 exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the
 conditions set forth above, and by local public safety requirements. The FAA will have
 advance notice of all operations through the filing of NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior
 permission of the land owner, the size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact
 that the aircraft is carried to the location and not flown there all establish the equivalent level of
 safety. The UAS provides at least an equivalent, and most likely exceeds, level of safety to
 that of such operations being conducted with conventional a i r c r a f t that would be orders-of-
 magnitude larger and would be carrying passengers, cargo, and flammable fuel.

  14 CFR. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft
 Regulation 45.23 provides:

                       (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks
                       consisting of the Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration)
                       followed by the registration number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in
                       the marks displayed must also be a Roman capital letter.
                       (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                       number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                       experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
                       display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
                       station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words
                       "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

 Regulation 91.9(c) provides:
                       No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                       identified in accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

 
 

 The UAS has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the markings can be
 placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. Official marking
 systems for UAS have not yet been established for operations inside the NAS. The applicant
 is prepared to mark the UAS with the name of the organization and location or origin and fulfill
 any other request by the FAA to this topic in accordance to § 45.29(f) where the pilot,
 observer, and others working with the UAS will see the identification of the UAS.

 The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation; see Exemption Nos. 8738,
 10167, 10167A and 10700.

  14 CFR § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
  Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.
 Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Unlike a conventional
 aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the UAS in this case is remotely controlled
 with no passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with
 a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire.
 The applicant respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
 characteristics of the particular UAS. Most UAS autopilot's have a high degree of
 pre-programmed control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential
 for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the exemption application. Hands-on
 experience with the UAS are a far more effective guarantee of flight safety than a commercial
 pilot certificate would be, until the FAA Pilot Certificate requirements catch up to the UAS
 technology.
 
 The UAS autopilots have an all-digital software platform with advanced features previously
 restricted to full size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced fly-safe controls
 enable safe, reliable operation, as well as advanced networking capabilities and system
 extensibility.

       The system can autonomously fly a programmed flight path or fly in manual mode
       Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The system will return

            home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached.

 Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project. UAS offer
 superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for people to be onboard in
 potentially dangerous situations. With multiple built-in safety features, UAS platforms lead
 manned operations with respect to safety.

       The UAS automatically detects potential issues - with configurable automated
            response behavior such as a return-home-and-land routine

       The UAS self-calibrate all of their sensors and perform required failsafe pre-flight tests
            prior to takeoff to check for errors

       The UAS have the ability to set up visual no-fly zones or create a virtual fence so the UAS
            can't fly horizontally or vertically beyond the pre-planned flight area

       The UAS have battery minutes and flight time displayed at all times. The system will
            return home and land automatically if user-configurable limits are reached

       The UAS auto detect a lost GPS, warns the pilot and initiates an immediate landing.
       Low battery on the UAS triggers a Non- Fatal Warning alarm to return home, land

            and replace the battery
       If UAS detect a lost-link to the Ground Station the vehicle will perform its pre-defined
  Non-Fatal Condition Response.
 
 Given these safety features, the applicant proposes that operators of UAS with these
 features should not be required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead,

 
 

 operators should be required to:
       have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction and
            passed the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAA-recognized equivalents
            including ICAO issued commercial, private license and ground school; operators will
            therefore receive instruction in aeronautical navigation, meteorology, and aviation
            regulations prior to conducting commercial UAS operations.
       have completed a training program for operation of the UAS, if available.
       have completed 4 hours (25 flights) of training on the UAS and/or simulator before
            commencing commercial operations.

 
 The applicant notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of UASs
 by operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs
 where the mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation
 Administration, Notice N-8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval,
 at 20-21 (July 30, 2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to
 waive the pilot requirements for commercial operations.

 The applicant notes that the FAA has required a private pilot's certificate on prior Section 333
 exemptions due to the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as prescribed in 49
 U.S.C.§44711. The applicant feels that if a private pilot's certificate is requested, the FAA should
 consider a student pilot's certificate as an alternative. The only difference between the two is
 that a private pilot's certificate requires flying hours in a manned aircraft. The FAA and the
 applicant both agree that hours in a manned aircraft add no benefit to the safe operation of a
 UAS.

 The applicant notes that the FAA has mentioned that a pilot certificate subjects the pilot to a
 security screening by the Department of Homeland Security. To satisfy this requirement, while
 not obtaining a pilot certificate, the applicant will require all UAS pilots to undergo an equivalent
 or better security screening by the Department of Homeland Security at the pilot's expense.
 
 Given these conditions and restrictions, a n equivalent level of safety will be provided by
 allowing operation of the UAS without a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's
 certificate, under the conditions set forth herein.

 
 The risks associated with the operation of the UAS (given its size, speed,
 operational capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of
 risk associated with private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part
 61 with conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the UAS as
 set forth above meets or exceeds the present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. §
 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of requiring a commercial pilot to operate the
 aircraft under § 61.133(a).

  14 CFR § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
 This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
 condition. Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of UAS without an
 airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the UAS. Given the size
 of the UAS and the previous COAs issued for similar UAS, an equivalent level of safety will
 be achieved by ensuring compliance with the given UAS manuals and use of safety checklists
 prior to each flight.

  14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
 The regulation provides:

                       No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...
 

 
 

                       (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of
                       this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane
                       or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
                       placards, or any combination thereof.

 
 Given the size of UAS, they have no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the
 aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity
 to carry such an item on the aircraft.

 
 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual at the ground
 control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
 issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738,
 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

  14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight action
 This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the
 safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
 exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following a
 comprehensive preflight checklist. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather,
 flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data
 before initiation of flight.

 14 CFR § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction
 These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
 balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
 controls.
 
 The UAS are remotely piloted aircraft and by design, do not have fully functional dual controls.
 Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
 aircraft via radio communications. The flight plan is either manually controlled through point-
 and-click navigation or preprogrammed as way points into the auto pilot before or during
 flight and only in unusual circumstances will the pilot input control functions to alter the
 pre-programmed flight. Given the size and speed of the UAS, an equivalent level of safe training
 can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers are aboard the UAS,
 and all persons will be a safe distance away should the UAS experience any difficulties during
 flight instruction. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional
 dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See
 Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A.

  14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
 Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c)
 limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above
 the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
 may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

 
 Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at relatively low
 altitudes and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is
 needed.

 
 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material
 with which UAS are built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land owner
 or those who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all affected
 individuals will be aware o f the flights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted
 with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 55 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk

 
 

 associated with these operations will be far less than those currently allowed with
 conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL. Indeed, the low-altitude operations
 of the UAS will maintain separation between these UAS operations and the operations of
 conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

  14 CFR § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
 Section 91.121 requires a person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level
 by reference to an altimeter that is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric
 pressure. Some UAS have a barometric pressure sensor, while others only use GPS for
 elevation or altitude. When a barometric pressure sensor is on the UAS, it is typically "zeroed" at
 the point of take-off; this is right next to the PIC and not at a departure airport. The altitude
 reading will be relative to that point (on the ground) and not a known elevation.

 
 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the PIC confirming the elevation or altitude of
 the launch site. The altitude of the UAS will also be displayed via telemetry on the Ground Station
 and will be constantly monitored by the PIC during the entire flight operation.

  14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
 This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
 conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
 to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
 to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
 
 The different UAS batteries provide a variety of powered flight times. An exemption from § 14
 CFR 91.151 is therefore required.

 
 The applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within the
 scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
 operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the UAS, without 30 minutes of reserve
 fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given
 the size and speed at which the UAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger,
 or cargo also enhances its safety. In the unlikely event that the UAS should run out of fuel, it
 would simply land. Given its weight and construction material, the risks are less than
 contemplated by the current regulation.

 
 The applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 20% of
 reserve fuel (or battery), which would be more than adequate to return the UAS to its planned
 landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.
 
 
 The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
 10673 and 10808.

  14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
 This regulation provides as follows:
 

                       (a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate
                       and current airworthiness certificate.
                       (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                       required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                       under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible
                       to passengers or crew.

 
 The UAS fully loaded weigh typically less than 15 lbs., and always less than 55 lbs. As such,
 there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display them

 
 

 on the UAS. In addition, there is no pilot on board the aircraft.
 

 An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
 control point where the pilot flying the UAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA
 has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other
 exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and
 10700.

  14 CFR § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections
 Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
 as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
 provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43
 of this chapter ..." Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43;
 Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness
 certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the owner or operator to keep records showing certain
 maintenance work that has been accomplished by certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or
 licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for return to service.
 
 The UAS are nearly maintenance free, they perform automatic pre-flight checks and the failure
 of any check will prevent take-off. Checks which cannot be done by the system will be
 performed by a qualified person prior to each flight and at predefined intervals as part of a
 maintenance schedule.
 
 Pre-flight checklist includes:

            1. Visual inspection of the airframe
            2. Visual inspections of rotor integrity
            3. Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater station)
 
 An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the UAS is small in size, will carry no
 external payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not a complex
 mechanical devise. The operator of aUAS will ensure that it is in working order prior to
 initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance that is
 performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and is best
 suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an equivalent level of
 safety.
 
 If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately due to the pre-determined area of
 operation. Moreover, the UAS's small size, carrying capacity, and the fact that flight operations will
 only take place in restricted areas for limited periods of time, create less risk than the same factors
 associated with conventional fixed-wing aircraft and rotorcraft performing the same operation.

 
 

                                                          APPENDIX C
 

                          SUMMARY OF SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST
 
 Terraplane, LLC hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption application to
 allow commercial operation of UAS for aerial acquisition and research in support of government
 entities, agriculture industry, utility companies, local infrastructure, scientific studies, wildlife
 monitoring, mining, surveying, forestry, and much more. All of which are critical to the well-being
 of the general public. An exemption is requested from the following regulations:
 
 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
 14 C.F.R. 91.103;
 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.119;
 14 C.F.R. 91.121;
 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).

 
