April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11376
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0072

Mr. Curtis Youngblood
Texas UAV Professionals
11253 East OSR
Hearne, TX 77859

Dear Mr. Youngblood:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Texas UAV Professionals (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct inspections for utility and construction industries.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a TUP X8-800.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Texas UAV Professionals is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Texas UAV Professionals is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the TUP X8-800 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
                                                                                                               6

       Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
       as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                             1

Jan 12,2015

U. S. Department of
Transportation Docket
Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.,
SE Washington, DC
20590

         Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part
                   11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R.
                   45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a);91.9
                   (b) (2);91.103(b); 91.109;91.119; 91.121;
                   91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a)
                   (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Texas UAV Professionals, developer and
operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct
inspections for the utility and construction industries, hereby applies for an
exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow
commercial operation of its sUASs, so long as such operations are conducted
within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the
FAA as required by Section 333.1

The name and address of the applicant is:

        Texas UAV Professionals
        Attn: Curtis Youngblood
        PH: 979-828-4269
        Email: cy@curtisyoungblood.com
        Address: 11253 E OSR Hearne, TX 77859

The applicant requests relief from the following regulations:

Part 21, Certification Procedures for Products and Parts, prescribes, in pertinent
part, the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design approvals,
production approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness approvals.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only the
Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited,
restricted, or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6
inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
"provisional," as applicable.
                                               2

Section 61.113(a) and (b) prescribe that -

  (a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command
        (PIC) of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation
        or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an
        aircraft.

  (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in
        connection with any business or employment if -
       (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
       (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
            hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate
U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved
Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
placards, or any combination thereof.

Section 91.103 prescribes that each PIC shall, before beginning a flight, become
familiar with all available information concerning that flight. This information must
include -

  (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following
        takeoff and landing distance information:

       (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft
            Flight Manual containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the
            takeoff and landing distance data contained therein; and

       (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this
            section, other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to
            aircraft performance under expected values of airport elevation and
            runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

Section 91.109 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction
unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no
person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

  (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing
        without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

  (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement,
        or over any open-air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the
        highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

  (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the
        surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those
        cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any
        person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

  (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the
       operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface -
                                                3

         (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
              paragraph (b) or paragraph (c) of this section, provided each person
              operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically
              prescribed for helicopters by the FAA; and

         (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may be operated
              at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph (c) of this section.

Section 91.121 prescribes, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to
maintain cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of
the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(a) prescribes that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under
visual flight rules (VFR) conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed -

    (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

    (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

Section 91.203(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it has within it -

    (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and

    (2) An effective U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation
         within the United States, the second copy of the Aircraft Registration
         Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a
civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization
issued under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that each owner of an aircraft operator
or owner shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
shall, between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43, Maintenance,
Preventive Maintenance, Rebuilding, and Alteration.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prescribes that no person may operate any aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it
has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection
for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribe, in pertinent part, that -

    (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for
         the periods specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

         (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration
              and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
              approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
              airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an
              aircraft. The records must include -
                                                        4

                    (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of
                             the work performed; and

                    (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and

                    (iii) The signature and certificate number of the person approving
                             the aircraft for return to service.

                (2) Records containing the following information:

                    (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each
                             propeller, and each rotor.

                    (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine,
                             propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                    (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft that
                             are required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.

                    (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time
                             since the last inspection required by the inspection program under
                             which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.

                    (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and
                              safety directives including, for each, the method of compliance,
                              the AD or safety directive number and revision date. If the AD or
                              safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when the
                              next action is required.

                    (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) for each major
                             alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors,
                             propellers, and appliances.

              (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for
                    the periods prescribed:

                   (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be
                         retained until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for
                         1 year after the work is performed.

                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be
                         retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is
                         sold.

                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under §
                         43.11 shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is
                         approved for return to service.

           Texas UAV Professionals (TUP) supports its request with the following
           information:

The TUP's information is organized into four sections: (1) the Unmanned Aircraft System
(UAS), (2) the UAS pilot in command (PIC), (3) the UAS Operating Parameters, and (4) the
Public Interest.

The petitioner provides a supplemental proprietary Texas UAV Professionals (TUP) UAS
Flight Manual (the Manual) in support of its exemption request.
                                                        5

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

TUP's UAS are multirotor aircraft with final assembly by Texas UAV Professionals, LLC, a
Texas-based company. TUP's UAS are under 55lbs and fly under 65 knots. All operations
will be below 400 feet AGL. The UAS will only be flown within 1 mile and Visual Line of Sight
(VLOS) of the PIC. All transmissions will be on FCC approved frequencies such as 2.4ghz,
5.8ghz, etc. TUP UAS will only be flown over property that TUP has been given explicit
permission to have safe access to.

The UAS carry no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels. They operate without any
pilots or passengers on board. The crew is on the ground within VLOS at all times for air
traffic avoidance. The UAS, in the event of control signal loss has the ability to return to a
pre-determined location within a safe landing area, as detailed in the Manual, and land.

The UAS has the ability to abort a mission in case of emergency. It can land immediately or
return to land automatically or under PIC manual control depending on the type of
emergency. In the case of emergency incapacitation of the PIC the UAS can return and land
safely on its own.

These operations would otherwise be performed by a full size aircraft, likely a helicopter,
weighing at least 2000lbs carrying a pilot, crew and 100 gallons of fuel. When flown in the
same area and in the same conditions the UAS poses a much smaller risk to the national
airspace, property and persons in the area. Additionally the UAS has a much lower noise
profile than full size operations. TUP requests exemption from § 45.23(b) as there is no
entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be
placed. The petitioner states that given the size of the UA, 2-inch lettering would be
impossible. The petitioner asserts that an equivalent level of safety will be provided by
having the word "Experimental" marked on the fuselage in accordance with § 45.29(f),
enabling the pilots and others working with the UAs to see and observe the aircraft's
"Experimental" markings.

TUP believes the maintenance requirements in §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2),
91.417(a) and (b) apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate and are therefore not
applicable to our UAS operations. In place of these requirements TUP will perform regular
maintenance based on logged data as outlined in the manual. TUPs regular maintenance
schedule in addition to the aircrafts limited size, payload and operational constraints will
provide an equivalent level of safety in the maintenance and operation of TUP UAS.

UAS Pilot In Command (PIC)

The UAS is remotely controlled and operates within a limited airspace. The limited weight
and speed in addition to not carrying a pilot or passenger's significantly reduces the level of
risk of flight operations compared to full size operations. We propose the PIC require a
standard Private Pilot License and Class 3 medical. We propose the additional requirement
of a commercial pilot's license would provide no additional safety to the flight operations of
the UAS. In addition to the Private Pilot's License having the pilots complete a UAS training
service as listed in the Manual is proposed. This would give the PIC the needed familiarity
with the aircraft they will use in flight.
                                                        6

UAS Operating Parameters

All operations will be conducted in accordance with the Manual and any local safety
requirements. All standard flight operations will be conducted within 1 mile and visual line of
sight of the PIC, in Class G airspace below 400 Feet AGL at least 5 miles from an airport. If
there are any operations that might include flight within 5 miles of an airport TUP will notify
the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) and airport controller (ATC). TUP will follow
additional safety related instructions from the FSDO and Tower for operations within 5 miles
of the airport. TUP will give a daily briefing, as noted in the Manual, with mandatory
attendance by anyone potentially involved in the flight safety area.

The UAS in most cases can gain access to the property for inspection without overflying
other property or persons, unlike a full size aircraft which often must overfly unrelated
property and persons to gain access for inspection. The lack of exposure to unrelated
property and persons improves the safety relative to full size aircraft.

TUP UAS missions are all flown within VLOS with crew available on the ground to assist in
keeping persons and property at safe distances throughout a mission. Being on the ground
enables the crew to actively control the inspection area and warn other persons immediately
if an emergency exists. Full-size operations often do not have crew on the ground to actively
control the inspection area or warn persons in the case of an emergency.

TUP asserts the use of UAS during inspections will offer a significant safety increase to
operators, personnel, property and the public because of the UAS ability to obtain inspection
data using a low weight aircraft staying in Class G airspace below 400 feet AGL over a
controlled inspection area with limited to no exposure to anything outside the specified
inspection area. Because of these factors, the petitioner asserts that UAS operations will
result in a significant safety increase for personnel and the general public compared to the
use of current inspection methods such as helicopters, and small aircraft.

TUP requests exemption from§ 91.7(a) because our UAS do not have airworthiness
certificates. Consequently, there is not applicable regulatory standard available to determine
airworthiness. The equivalent level of safety will be provided through adherence to the
maintenance and safety checklist usage standards proscribed in the Manual.

TUP asserts that given the size and configuration and unmanned nature of the UA, it is not
possible to carry a flight manual on board the aircraft. Additionally, because of the same
limiting factors, there is no ability to carry certification and registration documents, or display
them on the UA. Therefore we request an exemption from§§ 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(a) and
(b). An equivalent level of safety will be provided by storing the flight manual and applicable
certification and registration documents at the ground control point where the UAS pilot will
have immediate access to them.

TUP requests exemption from§ 91.103 because preflight actions for UAS vary from those
outlined by the regulation. The Manual requires the pilot to take preflight actions prescribed
by the preflight checklists. Checklists include analysis of weather conditions, checking flight
battery requirements and assessment of takeoff and landing distances. TUP asserts that
these actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.
                                                        7

TUP requests exemption from the requirement to have fully functional dual controls in
aircraft used for flight instruction, prescribed by § 91.109. UAS, by design, do not have fully
functional dual controls and are controlled instead through the use of a control box that uses
radio communications for aircraft control. The equivalent level of safety is provided because
the aircraft are unmanned, can be controlled remotely, are relatively small, and operate at
slower speeds than the aircraft envisioned by the regulation.

TUP requests exemption from § 91.119 which outlines minimum safe altitudes for aircraft.
The UAS operated by TUP operates much as a helicopter in flight with vertical takeoff and
landing capabilities. The UAS has the ability to hover in one location and maneuver in any
direction and speed as needed for safety without loss of control or lift. Purely vertical
operations, straight up and straight down, are fully within the capability of these UAS even in
windy conditions. The UAS operations will be limited to areas where TUP has been given
prior authority to operate from land owners, local government or property managing
authority. Inspection areas will be cleared and monitored by TUP on the ground where crew
members can give persons immediate information and direction about the mission as it is
occurring. The UAS can maintain all flight operations entirely inside the inspection areas
unlike full size aircraft which require significant overfly of areas unrelated to the inspections
simply to get to and from the base of operations. Additionally, UAS operations within city
limits will be limited to 20 knots GS. The small size, weight, speed and low altitude
operations of UASs mean that vehicles and basic structures provide significant protection for
persons from UASs in the case of an emergency. The lower risk to persons and immediately
available ground crew means in most emergencies the UAS can land in the immediate area,
unlike full size operations, removing any further risk to the national airspace. The totality of
these factors results in a more controlled and limited exposure to the national airspace than
is possible with full size aircraft inspections. The ability to operate below 400 feet AGL for
inspections will ensure the separation with conventional aircraft complying with § 91.119. In
addition to less exposure to the national airspace the requirement, as listed in the Manual, to
stay 500 feet away from any persons in the open maintains a safe separation between the
UAS and persons. Full size aircraft performing the same inspections will often have to
overfly persons in congested areas. TUP believes an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because of the limited size, low weight, low speed, operational separation,
operational location and totality of control of inspection area of the UAS compared to flight
operations with larger aircraft and/or rotor craft.

TUP requests exemption from the requirements of § 91.121, our UAS may have GPS
altitude read-outs instead of barometric altimeters. The altitude readout will be verified
relative to the launch site altitude by the PIC prior to flight. All operations will be AGL relative
to the ground level calibrated at takeoff. These procedures will result in an equivalent level
of safety.

TUP requests exemption from the requirements of § 91.151(a). Our UAS are battery
powered and are limited to approximately 35 minutes of powered flight. A 30 minute fuel
reserve would affectively limit operations to 5 minutes of flight time, negatively impacting
efficiency and utility. Additionally with the limited area of operation, size and speed of the UA
the level of risk does not rise to the level that the regulation is intended to mitigate. An
equivalent level of safety can be achieved by requiring at least 20% of battery power
remaining (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the PIC) when the UA
lands at a safe landing area.
                                                        8

Public Interest

TUP believes that given the small size and low speed of the UA involved, limited airspace,
totality of control of inspection area and removal of unrelated overfly areas, this proposed
operation falls directly in the zone of "equivalent level of safety" in which Congress
envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of UAS to
commence immediately. Also because of the size of the UA and the limited area of
operations of the UAS, approval of the application presents no national security issue. Given
the clear direction in Public Law112­95 § 333 the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, reduced noise, reduction in costs through more efficient inspection operations,
granting the requested exemptions is in the public interest.
