September 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12858
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2088

Mr. Steven Edward Rawley
TEXDrones Low Altitude Aerial Photos and Video
12034 Normont Drive
Houston, Texas 77070

Dear Mr. Rawley:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on June 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of TEXDrones Low Altitude Aerial Photos & Video
(hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography for real
estate companies, farm and land owners, and businesses.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3DRobotics IRIS+ and 3DRobotics SOLO.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, TEXDrones Low Altitude Aerial Photos & Video is
granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a),
61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and
(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to
perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations
listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, TEXDrones Low Altitude Aerial Photos & Video is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics IRIS+
    and 3DRobotics SOLO when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
    Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
    amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
United States Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
800 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC 20591

               Petition for Exemption

   Parts of certain Title 14 CFRs in regards to
    Section 333 of the FAA Modernization &

                 Reform Act of 2012
 Concerning Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS)

  
  
  
  
  
  

TEXDrones        12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  
To Whom it May Concern:

This letter is a request for exemption from a number of Title 14 CFRs that relate to the
commercial operation of "unmanned aerial systems" (UAS). The following will be
included in this request: Name & information of Petitioner; Executive Summary of
Petitioner summarizing the rules Petitioner seeks exemption from and the reasons the
exemptions would serve the public good; Specific Title 14 CFRs to which an exemption
is sought; the extent & reasons for the requested exemptions; reasons why safety would
not be compromised.

Personal Information:

Name:               Steven Edward Rawley (hereafter referred to as "Petitioner")
Company:            TEXDrones Low Altitude Aerial Photos & Video (TEXDrones)
Address:            12034 Normont Dr., Houston, Texas 77070 info@dronephototexas.com
Phone:              (281) 257-1972

The Petitioner was born on September 7, 1964 in Houston, TX and is a US citizen. He is
the owner of TEXDrones whose primary clients will be real estate companies in need of
aerial photography and video in the state of Texas, farm and land owners that require
inspections and agricultural mapping, and businesses in need of photography and video
services for their own personal use. The Petitioner is a licensed pilot ­ Airplane Single
Engine Land since age 16. The Petitioner has operated radio controlled fixed wing and
rotor aircraft for over 40 years without incident and has been active in the same model
aircraft club since 1977. The Petitioner is a member of the Academy of Model
Aeronautics (AMA). The Petitioner is a Professional Photographer and a member of The
Professional Photographer's of America (PPA). Petitioner is requesting an exemption
from the current rules in Section 333 which govern the uses of UASs for commercial
purposes. The Petitioner seeks authorization to perform commercial UAS operations for
real estate inspections, sales and advertising. This would include residential, commercial
and rural properties. Prospective customers and clients would include real estate agents
and brokers along with insurance companies, banks and private property owners. Other
prospective clients include land developers needing photographs of privately owned lands
that cannot be reached by automobile, land owners needing crop surveys of privately
owned land and other businesses that could use photography and video from a low-
altitude UAS in their own sales and marketing projects.

The Title 14 CFR exemptions that this request includes are: 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7(a);
91.119(a); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.407(a)(1)&(2); 91.417(a) & (b). Reasons for each
request are cited below.

Public Good
Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing and
inspections has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and

helicopters. But for small business owners, its expense has been costprohibitive.
Granting this exemption to the Petitioner would allow him to provide this service at a

TEXDrones             12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  
much lower cost. Further, the small UAS being utilized in this application will pose no
threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to
larger manned aircraft. The operation of this UAS will minimize ecological damage and
promote economic growth by providing information to businesses & individuals in the
state of Texas and specifically Southeast Texas.

Description of UAV to be Deployed Under Requested Exemptions.
Petitioner currently owns Two (2) 3DRobotics IRIS+ Quadcopters and has a 3DRobotics
SOLO Quadcopter on order to arrive in June 2015. The petitioner intends to use the
IRIS+ and SOLO quadcopters as the UAV's in commercial applications described herein.
The IRIS+ and SOLO are a quadcopters that can take off and land vertically. They weigh
less than 5 pounds each with payload and have a maximum airspeed of approximately 40
knots. They use lithium polymer batteries which have approximately 2025 minutes of
total charge time. This gives the UAS approximately 1215 minutes of flight time with
sufficient remaining battery charge to land safely. Both models being utilized under this
request for exemption have First Person View (FPV) which allows the PIC to visually
monitor telemetry data on a ground station monitor including altitude (AGL), GPS signal
strength, battery charge information, etc. This FPV also gives the PIC video feed from
the attached HiDefinition camera showing what images are being captured. This is a
significant safety feature as it shows the attitude of the UAS and its forward direction.
However, this FPV feature will never be used as a tool to deviate from VLOS operation
by the PIC.

Preflight
The petitioner will always follow procedures outlined in the UAS operator's manual as to
proper preflight inspection of all hardware, software, environment and any other factors
needed to ensure a safe flight.

FCC Information
The UAS being deployed here is a 3DRobotics IRIS+ and SOLO.

PIC Qualifications
As stated above, the petitioner holds a FAA Single Engine Land pilot's license. Along
with the years of actual flight experience, the petitioner is also an experienced radio
controlled fixed wing and rotor operator of over 40 years. Petitioner has owned the UAS
(IRIS+) described above since 2014 and has over 150 hours in this type of UAS as a
hobbyist. The petitioner envisions being the PIC in all operations that will be performed
under the requested rule exemptions and the subsequent COA request.

Description of Intended Commercial Operations
Petitioner intends to solicit work for aerial real estate inspections from real estate agents
& brokers, insurance companies & related vendors, banks and private property owners
to provide photography and videography of residential, commercial and rural real
estate. The Petitioner will also solicit work from land developers and farmers as well as
other companies requesting private photography and video services from a low-altitude
UAS. This work will always be conducted with the permission of the property owner or

TEXDrones        12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  
their respective agent. Flight operations will be restricted to flights directly over the
property that has granted permission. Safety will always be the primary concern
regarding all flights at all times. Petitioner agrees to place a sign during any flight
operation that says: CAUTION UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE IN OPERATION.
STAY BACK 100 FEET FROM AIRCRAFT.

UAS Operating Parameters
The UAS being deployed in this exemption request can fly at a speed of approximately
40 knots. However, given the intended use describe here, this speed will never be
necessary. Much slower speeds are preferred to collect the photographic material needed.

Petitioner agrees never to fly UAS outside of VLOS and also agrees to only fly UAS
during the day in VMC conditions at altitudes below 400 feet AGL, clear of clouds.

The UAS will not be operated within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chart.

The UAS being deployed with these exemption requests has the capability of using GPS
signals to return to its initial point of takeoff if connection with the radio control link is
lost. This is a safety advantage to these type aircraft.

The Petitioner agrees to yield right of way to all manned aviation activities at all times.

Exemption Requests
The following are a list of Title 14 CFRs which the petitioner seeks exemption. Please
note that the Petitioner has used Exemption No. 11138 to Douglas Trudeau (Regulatory
Docket No. FAA20140481) as a reference. Given that the petitioner and Mr. Trudeau
intend to use the exemptions in similar manners and both use similar equipment, it
seemed prudent not to burden the reviewer in this matter with exemption requests that
have been previously deemed that relief was not necessary. These rules are Part 21,
45.23(b). 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109 and 91.203(a) & (b). If the reviewer believes that
these rules need to be addressed in this request, the petitioner will make a supplemental
request including these additional rule exemptions.

Rule 61.113 - Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations
The Petitioner holds a Single Engine Land pilot's license (a copy included in
supplemental material). As to the Private Pilot Limitations concerning operations for hire
or compensation, it seems that Exemption No. 11062 to Astraecus has allowed this
exemption previously and was noted in the Trudeau Exemption No. 11138.
As to airmanship skills, the Petitioner has been operating his UAS since 2014 and has
over 150 hours of flight time. Petitioner currently fly's this UAS several hours a month as
a hobby and is very proficient and has the skills to maintain altitude, maintain VLOS,
navigate, avoid obstacles, avoid air traffic and respond to loss of control link. Petitioner
understands that he must make at least 3 takeoffs and landings within a 90 day period for
currency purposes.

TEXDrones        12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  
Rule 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
There is no current FAA regulatory standard for determining airworthiness of UAS and
there is no certificate currently available for UAS airworthiness. Petitioner seeks an
exemption from this rule by ensuring that the UAS is in an airworthy condition based on
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight. Flight manuals and other
important documents will be kept in a location readily accessible to the PIC at all times.

Rule 91.119© Minimum Safe Altitudes
91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but it allows helicopters
to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Petitioner seeks an exemption from
this rule as Petitioner will only operate the UAS in a range from ground level up to but
not exceeding 400 feet (AGL) and will only operate in safe areas away from the public
thus providing a level of safety not available to manned aircraft. The petitioner asserts
that given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of the UAS, an equivalent or
higher level of safety will be achieved that from conventional manned helicopters.

Petitioner will avoid actively populated areas. Petitioner intends to operate the UAS over
real estate for inspection purposes, farmland and on private property.

Per the exemption granted in No. 11138 concerning 91.119(c), Petitioner agrees to act in
strict accordance to that exemption. However, Petitioner seeks an exemption from the
rule stipulating that a UAS cannot be operated within 500 feet of a structure without
permission of the owner. Given the intended use Petitioner will use these exemptions for,
which is for photography and videography of real estate for marketing & inspection
purposes, agreement from the engaging property owner or their agent is an absolute
necessity. The UAS will only be flown over properties with this permission. However,
given the housing density in the Southeast Texas area, maintaining a 500 foot distance
from other structures even while strictly flying over a permission granting owner's
property is impossible in many instances. The Petitioner seeks an exemption to this rule
which would allow a 50' standoff from other structures as long as the UAS is operated
completely over and within the property boundary lines of a permission granting property
owner. Petitioner agrees to always keep privacy rights of other property owners in mind.

Rule 91.121 Altimeter Settings
Petitioners' UAS has GPS derived altitude capabilities with a barometric sensor. The
petitioner believes this rule in not applicable to the UAS operations intended.

Rule 91.151(a) Fuel Requirements For Flight in VFR Conditions
Petitioner seeks relief from this rule due to the UAS being deployed is battery operated
and the requirements under this rule are not applicable. The UAV in question has First
Person Vision (FPV) capabilities which transmits certain telemetry to a monitor where
the PIC can monitor certain aspects of the flight including battery level. A typical battery
for a 3DR IRIS + UAS will last approximately 2025 minutes before total exhaustion.
Certain battery level warnings are set where the PIC will know when the battery state is
at 30% and 15% remaining charge levels. This will normally allow a flight of 12  15

TEXDrones        12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  
minutes with sufficient battery charge to make a safe landing. Petitioner will never begin
a flight unless a fully charged battery is used.

Rule 91.405(a) Maintenance Required, 91.407(a) Operation After Maintenance,
Preventative Maintenance, Rebuilding or Alteration; 91.409(a)(2) Inspections;
91.417(a)(b) Maintenance Records
Petitioner seeks relief from these rules due to it being an alternate inspection requirement
of 91.409(a)(2). The Petitioner will inspect and ensure UAS is in a condition for safe
flight and adhere to all operating documents.

Supplemental Information
The Petitioner has provided the following information to support these requests for rule
exemptions and personal identification: 1) Copy of Petitioner's FAA License,
2) 3DRobotics IRIS+ Manual, 3) Petitioner's Texas Driver's License 4) Petitioner's
Academy of Model Aeronautics Card

Closing
The Petitioner believes that exemption from the above listed Title 14 CFRs is warranted
given: 1) Petitioner's background as a licensed private pilot, 2) proficiency as a model
aircraft operator, 3) professional photographer, 4) the nature of the type of UAS flights
that will be undertaken, 5) the size & weight of the UAS being deployed, 6) the safety
precautions to the general public the Petitioner intends to adhere to, 7) the positive
environmental impact of the flight operations would have compared to manned fuel
consuming missions, and 8) the economic benefit the Petitioner's business would have in
this new area of aviation.

Thank you for your review of this matter. Please feel free to contact me at any time with
requests for additional information regarding this matter.

Sincerely,

Steven E. Rawley
TEXDrones
12034 Normont Dr
Houston, TX 77070

                            12034  Normont  Dr.    Houston,  TX  77070  

         TEXDrones      
                                                              IMPORTANT

                                    Read before
                                       flying!

Operation Manual
Contents

01 Meet IRIS
03Parts
04 Charging the Battery
06 Attaching Propellers
07 Safety and Failsafes

08 Learn to Fly
11 Flight Modes
13 Return to Launch
13Geofence
14  First Flight
19 Planning Missions
20 Flying Missions

21 Specifications and Resources
22 Learn More and Support
Meet IRIS+.

Thank you for purchasing IRIS+.
IRIS is a personal aerial imaging platform powered by open-source
hardware, software, and firmware. Please read this manual carefully
before your first flight and pay close attention to safety information.
Happy flying!

        Important note: When using a GoPro with IRIS, always
        ensure that the WiFi on the GoPro is turned OFF.

                                                                                                                   01
Front

                                   antenna
                                                            safety button

                front arms (blue)

    Rear

                                   USB port

    status LED

                battery
                compartment

                           rear arms (black)

02
Parts

Controller
your direct link to IRIS

Ground station radio
with USB and Android adapters

Battery kit
battery, guard bag, and charger
with international travel adapters

Propellers and tool kit
four propellers with propeller tool and
small, medium, and large hex keys
(1.5 mm, 2 mm, and 3 mm)

Tall legs
Switch to tall legs to use IRIS with the Tarot
Gimbal or for extra clearance on landing.

Use the small (1.5 mm) hex   Slide out the leg to remove it, and replace with the tall leg.
key to loosen the set screw  Tighten the set screw until it sits flush with the surface.
in the bottom of the leg.    Do not tighten the screw beyond this point.

                                                                                                       03
Charging the Battery

IRIS is powered by a rechargeable lithium polymer (LiPo) battery. Store
the battery at half charge then charge fully before flying. Batteries must
ship at half charge, so please charge before your first flight. Each full
battery provides up to 22 minutes of flight time without a gimbal and
up to 16 minutes when using a Tarot Gimbal.*

1 Connect charger to the         Connect the red cable to the
      power adapter cable and    + port and the black cable
      a wall outlet.             to the - port.

                                 +

2 Set the charger to             ­
       LiPo and 3A.
                                     LiPo 3A
3 Connect the white
      connector to the 3S port.
      Join the two yellow
      connectors together.

                3S
04
4 Secure battery inside the guard bag
       while charging. Charge until the status
       indicator displays green.

                                                                       Charging Complete

     Battery Safety

Protect the battery from extreme heat, extreme cold, puncturing,
and flammable surfaces. Always transport, charge, and store
the battery in the guard bag.

Charge the battery using a designated LiPo balance charger only.
Always monitor the battery while charging.

Flying with a low battery is a safety risk and can render the battery
unusable. Always discontinue use when you receive a low battery
notification, and always fly with a fully charged battery.

Inspect the battery for damage before takeoff and after landing.
If you observe any swelling of the package or the battery ceases
to function, locate your local battery recycling center to dispose
of the battery. In the US and Canada, visit call2recycle.org to find
a location. Do not dispose of the battery in the trash.

*Flight time varies with payload, wind conditions, elevation,
temperature, humidity, flying style, and pilot skill. See the Flight
Checklist for instructions on managing battery levels during flight.

                                                                                          05
Attaching Propellers

IRIS uses four propellers: two with black nuts and two with silver nuts.
Attach the propellers with black nuts to the motors with black tops and
the propellers with silver nuts to the motors with silver tops.

Each propeller has locking and unlocking direction symbols. To attach,
spin the propeller in the direction of the locking symbol. The propellers will
automatically tighten onto the motors when you arm IRIS before takeoff.

For propellers with black nuts:  For propellers with silver nuts:

Spin clockwise to attach.        Spin counterclockwise
                                 to attach.
Spin counterclockwise
to remove.                       Spin clockwise to
                                 remove.

                                              To remove, hold the motor in place with
                                              the propeller tool, and spin the propeller
                                              in the direction of the unlocking symbol.

06
     Safety

IRIS has powerful motors and high-speed propellers. Never place your hands
near propellers while IRIS is armed or the safety button displays solid red.
Always press the safety button until it displays blinking red before handling.

Always fly in an open area away from people and buildings; do not attempt to
fly indoors or in a confined space. Do not fly over people, near airports, or in any
situation that could pose a hazard to those around you. Always fly within your
line of sight and in compliance with local regulations. IRIS will not avoid
obstacles on its own. As the operator, it is your job to recognize and avoid
obstructions while flying. Always follow the preflight and postflight steps in the
order described in this manual, and remain attentive at all times while flying.

Environmental factors, such as wind and GPS irregularities, can cause instability
in flight. IRIS will attempt to compensate for these factors by triggering a failsafe
if it detects an unsafe flying condition due to loss of controller signal, loss of GPS
signal, or low battery (see below for details). To avoid potential hazards due to
environmental factors, identify the boundaries of your flying area before takeoff,
and recover IRIS manually by switching into standard (STD) if it moves outside
your designated flying area. If you observe any inconsistent behavior, land, and
consult the troubleshooting guide at 3DR.com/iris/info.

Failsafes

Loss of RC signal
Always use the controller as a primary or backup control system when flying.
Ensure that the controller is turned on any time IRIS is powered. If contact with
the controller is lost during flight, IRIS will land and display a blinking yellow LED.
If IRIS is more than 2 meters (6.5 feet) from the launch point, it will return to
launch (RTL) before landing. (See page 13 for more information about RTL.)

Loss of GPS signal
IRIS requires an active GPS signal before takeoff. If IRIS loses GPS signal in flight,
it will trigger a GPS failsafe, indicated by a blinking blue and yellow LED with a
high-high-high-low tone, and automatically switch to manual control (standard
- altitude hold mode). Always be prepared to regain manual control of IRIS at
any time while flying and choose an unobstructed flying area to improve GPS
signal strength. When flying a mission, we recommended changing the GPS
failsafe behavior to land. (Visit 3DR.com/iris/info for more information about
configuring the GPS failsafe.)

Low battery
When the battery reaches 25% of its remaining charge, IRIS will land and display
a blinking yellow LED with a quick repeating tone. If IRIS reaches the low battery
limit during a mission, it will return to the launch point before landing.

                                                                                                                 07
Learn to Fly                                          left stick:  right stick:
                                                      throttle     pitch
Maneuver IRIS in flighLLetefutftSsSitnitcigckk        & yaw        & roll
the controller sticks.

Throttle                  Left Stick

Move the left stick up and down to control altitude.

                          left stick

To take off and to        Left Stick
gain altitude, raise the
throttle stick slightly
above center position.

Set the throttle stick
to center to maintain
the current altitude.

Lower the throttle        Left Stick
stick below center        Left Stick
to decrease altitude.

Set the throttle stick    Left Stick
fully down to land
once IRIS is a few
inches above the
ground.

08
Yawwhwhvvooeeeevvrrrreejj++urur ssLLttMFaaossnonrlliivadgdgehshtltohtllweyylreofttasttiiocnk,hmoLoriLevzefeotftnStShttiatceilcklskytitcokrsoltiagthetlIyRaISwaanydfrcohmantghee  orientation.  LLeefftt
                                                                                                                                                                                 center        RRiigghh

in either direction. Moving the stick farther from the center creates

a faster rotation.

                                                                                                                                    left stick

fftt YYaaww

               Move the stick to
               the left to rotate
               counterclockwise.

gghhtt YYaaww
                Move the stick
                to the right to
                rotate clockwise.

alpalpddccssututpipinnvviintntaaiilnlnttpesmRopeiitnrenorairleepogiognnarttpspoaaeitteenaitothltlnilhlene.eegsrtrcaisuscnrkdretont

Flight Tip
When adjusting orientation, move the left stick horizontally without changing its
vertical position.

                                                                                                                   09
Pitch and Roll

The right stick allows you to control IRIS' position in the air. Move the right
stick to tell IRIS to move in that direction: forward (toward the blue arms),
back (toward the black arms), left (toward the left arms), or right (towards
the right arms). How far you move the stick from the center before releasing
it tells IRIS how fast to move.

                    right stick  Forward

Move the right                   Forward
stick forward to                 Forward
fly forward.                     Forward

Move the right                   Back
stick back to fly
backward.                        Back
                                 Back
                                 Back

Move the right                   Left
stick left to fly
left.                            Left
                                 Left
                                 Left

Move the right                   Right
stick right to fly
right.                           Right
                                 Right
                                 Right

    Flight Tip
    IRIS moves according to its orientation. The blue arms and white lights face
    forward, and the black arms and red lights face backward. Before using the right
    stick, use yaw to keep IRIS facing in outward orientation so that the black arms and
    red lights face towards you and the blue arms and white lights face away from you.

10
Flight Modes  Full Autonomy                                                                       mode switch

IRIS includes three flight modes: manual flight
(STD-altitude hold), hover mode (LTR-loiter), and
rmigishstiosindefliogfhtth(eAcUoTnOtr)o.llUesretothseelsewctitachfliognhRttehmtuerondteo. Launch

                                            Loiter

Standard (altitude hold mode)

STD                            Full Autonomy

fly manually  Altitude Hold

Start your flight in standard to select altitude hold
mode, and fly IRIS manually using the controller.

                                                        Loiter

                                       Stabalize

Loiter mode                    Altitude Hold

LTR

hover

Select loiter to set IRIS to hover in place automatically. Use the
controller to adjust IRIS' position then release the sticks to hold
that position. Loiter is a great way for beginners to learn how to fly!
If you're new to flying, start your first fSlitgahbatliizneloiter instead of standard.

To avoid sudden changes in altitude, set the throttle stick
to center position before switching modes, including in the
event of a GPS failsafe.

Advanced Operator Note: If you choose to modify the flight mode configuration to
include Stabilize mode, please fly only with the provided set of tall legs. Flying in Stabilize
with short legs can cause vibrations that may interfere with autopilot calculations and
produce unexpected behavior.

                                                                                                  11
    Auto mode       Altitude Hold

    AUTO

    fly a mission

    Select auto mode to fly an autonomous mission. IRIS will
    automatically fly the series of waypoints saved to the autopilot.
    See pages 19 and 20 for Linositterructions on planning and flying missions.

          Do not activate auto mode unless you have saved a
          mission to IRIS using a ground station application.

                    Full Autonomy

    Gimbal control

    TILT

    tilt the camera up and down

    CcoonntnroelctthaeTaanroglteGoifmtbhaeSltca(RasbemoatluliedzrnresateoipnLafarluaignthectlhy. )V, iasnitd3uDsRe.cthoemT/IiLrTis/kninofbo to
    for instructions.

    Land            Altitude Hold

    CH 7

    land at the current position

    Set the CH 7 switch to ON to end your flight and land IRIS at its
    current position. Once you activate land, set the throttle stick fully
    down, and IRIS will autLoomiteartically disarm after landing. IRIS will not
    disarm automatically unless the throttle stick is set fully down.

    Reposition during landing: During landing, use the
    right stick on the controller to adjust IRIS' position.

                                     Full Autonomy

12
Return to LaunchA(ltiRtudTeLHo)ld

land at the launch point

Set the RTL switch to ON to end your flight and return

IRIS to the launch point automatically. Ensure that the

RTL switch is set to OFF before takeoff.

             Loiter

1 15 meters                                                 2 hover 5 seconds

When commanded to RTL, IRIS will:                           3
1 Achieve minimum altitude of 15 m (50 ft)
 or maintain current altitude if above 15 m.                      launch point
2 Move to launch point and loitFeruflloAr u5tosencoomnyds.
3 Land at launch point.

Reposition during landing: During landing, use the
right stick on the controller to adjust IRIS' position.

                                          Return to Launch
           RTL returns IRIS to the location where IRIS was armed.
           Always arm IRIS in a safe, unobstructed launch point.

Geofence

A safety fence restricts IRIS to within 300 meters (980 feet) of the
launch point and under 100 meters (320 feet) in altitude. If IRIS reaches
the edge of the geofence, it will initiate an automatic return to launch.

                                                                                        300 m

100 m

                                                                   launch point

          In the event of a GPS failsafe, the horizontal geofence will be disabled.
          If IRIS breaches the vertical geofence during a GPS failsafe, it will land at
          its current position.

                                                                                                                        13
First Flight

Select an open area for flying, away from people and buildings, and
remember to bring the Flight Checklist and a fully charged battery.
Determine the boundaries of your flying area before takeoff, and select
a level, unobstructed space as a launch point. Follow these preflight
and postflight steps in the order shown here and on the Flight Checklist
every time you fly.

Preflight

1 Check
     IRIS.

                             Point the controller antenna up
                             and the IRIS antenna down for
                             the strongest signal.

                   Set the mode switch to standard (STD).
                   If you're new to flying, try starting your first
                   flight in loiter (LTR) instead of standard.

                   Ensure that the RTL switch
                   is set to OFF.

2 Power on         Ensure that the controller is always turned on while
      controller.  IRIS is powered. If IRIS loses communication with
14                 the controller in flight, IRIS will initiate an automatic
                   return to launch.
Press and hold the DN button on the controller to
view flight data from IRIS. See the Flight Checklist
for more information about controller flight data.

3 Connect battery.                                    Insert battery, and
                                                      attach the yellow
                              Press the sides         connectors.
                              of the battery
                              compartment      To close, squeeze the
                              together and     door, and rotate up
                              rotate the door  until it clicks into place,
                              down.            ensuring that the battery
                                               cables do not interfere
         Wait 10 seconds before                with the LED cables.
         closing the battery door or
         moving IRIS at all while the
         internal sensors calibrate
         and the status LED shows
         blue and red.

If you see a flashing yellow status            Place IRIS at the launch
LED, it's likely that the sensors              point with the black
did not calibrate correctly during             arms facing towards you
startup. Re-connect the battery and            and the blue arms facing
make sure to keep IRIS absolutely              away from you.
still and level during the blue-and-
red status LED indicator.

Connect the radio to your ground station, and select Connect.

A ground station (recommended) lets you view live data in
flight and unlock IRIS' advanced autonomous features.
To download a ground station app for you laptop or
Android device, visit 3DR.com/iris/info.

                                                                            15
4 Press safety
      button.

                Press the safety button          Do not handle IRIS while the
                until it is solid red.           safety button is solid red and
                IRIS is now live.                IRIS is live. Always press the
                                                 button until it displays blinking
                Stand back!                      red before approaching
                                                 the propellers.

    Motors inactive, safe to handle              Motors active, deactivate before
                                                 handling

5 Check LED.

                Check the LED to view the status of IRIS. Wait
                to proceed until you see the blinking green light
                indicating that IRIS has acquired GPS lock.

    Initializing, hold IRIS still, please wait.  GPS lock requires a clear view of the
                                                 sky. IRIS may take a few minutes to
    Acquiring GPS, please wait.                  acquire GPS lock depending on your
                                                 flying location. Always fly in an open
    Autopilot ready, GPS locked                  area to improve GPS signal strength,
                                                 and review the GPS failsafe
    Pre-arm safety check failure. Connect        information on page 7.
    to a ground station and see the trouble-
    shooting guide at 3DR.com/iris/info.

6 Arm motors.

                To activate the motors,          IRIS will spin its propellers
                hold the left stick down-right   when armed. Ensure that the
                until the motors spin.           launch point is clear of
                                                 obstructions before arming.
                Now you're ready for takeoff!    Always disarm the motors
                                                 before approaching IRIS.

16
            FlightLeft Stick

                                          Take off and gain altitude by
                                          raising the left stick slightly
                                          above center.

                                          Set the left stick to            Rotate counter-
                                          center to maintain               clockwise and
                                          the current altitude.            clockwise by
                                                                           moving the left
            Left Stick                                                     stick left and right.

Left Stick                    Left Stick

                                                                 Fly forward, backward, left, or right
                                                                 by moving the right stick in the
                                                                 dLierfet Sctictkion you want to fly.

                                          Release the right                Lower the left
                                          stick to level IRIS.             stick below center
                                                                           to descend.

            Left Stick

                                          Set the left stick fully         ! IRIS is a powerful and agile
                                          down to land once IRIS               flier. Move the sticks in small
                                          is a few inches above                increments until you feel
                                          the ground.                          comfortable with how IRIS
                                                                               responds to controls.

                                                                                                                17
Postflight               2 Press safety
                                                button.
1 Disarm
     motors.    After landing, hold
                the left stick down-
                left until the motors                    Press the safety
                stop spinning.                           button until it
                                                         displays blinking
                                                         red to make IRIS
                                                         safe to handle.

3 Disconnect    4 Power off
      battery.        controller.

                                   Your first flight is now complete!

                                   Follow the steps shown here and
                                   on the Flight Checklist every time
                                   you fly.

   Tips for New Fliers: Practice these exercises to help you master flight controls.

   Skill 1: Hover
   Your first step is to maintain a consistent altitude while keeping IRIS oriented so
   the black arms face towards you and the blue arms face away from you. Practice
   taking off, rising to a comfortable hovering altitude, and keeping IRIS in place
   without allowing for any changes in orientation or position. If IRIS drifts forward,
   backward, left, or right, or rotates clockwise or counterclockwise, use the
   corresponding stick controls to correct.

   Skill 2: Box
   When you feel comfortable with your ability to maintain a consistent hovering
   altitude, try flying a box pattern. To practice this, take off, reach your hovering
   altitude, then fly forward, right, backward, and left by making small adjustments
   to the right stick. Make sure to fly the box in front of you and not around you.
   Use the left stick to rotate IRIS so the black arms face towards you and blue arms
   face away from you for the duration of the exercise.

   Skill 3: Figure Eight
   When you can confidently navigate a box while maintaining altitude and
   orientation, try flying a figure-eight pattern. Once again, make sure to fly the figure
   eight in front of you and not around you. Use the right stick to create a smooth
   flight path while using the left stick to correct orientation and maintain altitude.

18
Planning Missions

To plan a mission, download a ground station application from
3DR.com/iris/info, and install onto your laptop or Android device.

DroidPlanner 2 for Android                      Mission Planner for Windows
                                                APM Planner for OS X

1 Power IRIS, connect the radio to your laptop  Connect the USB adapter to the
     or Android device, and select Connect.     radio and your laptop. Select
                                                AUTO, 57600, and Connect.
           Connect the blue end of the
           Android adapter to your device
           and the black end to the radio.
           Select Connect.

2 Configure waypoints.                          Select Flight Plan, and click to
                                                add waypoints. Select the green
           Select Edit and tap to add           arrows at the bottom of the
           waypoints, or select the brush       screen to configure altitude and
           tool and draw a path for IRIS        change waypoint types.
           to follow.

3 Save the mission to IRIS.                     Select Write WPs.

           Select the option menu in
           the top-right corner, and
           select Send Mission.

When flying missions, we recommend changing the GPS
failsafe behavior to set IRIS to land in the event of a loss of
GPS signal. For instructions, visit 3DR.com/iris/info.

                                                                                  19
Flying Missions                       2 Arm IRIS
                                            in standard.
           Loiter
                                                                  When you're ready
1 Perform a pre-mission                                           to start the mission,
     test flight.                                                 arm IRIS in standard
                                                                  (STD).Left Stick
   Fly a brief test flight to verify
   that all controls (throttle, yaw,
   roll, and pitch) are responding
   normaAllltyit.ude Hold

3 Switch to
      AUSTtOa.balize

                      If you planned a takeoff waypoint into      For auto-takeoff,
                      your mission, switch to AUTO on the         raise throttle to
                      ground, and raise the throttle to initiate  start mission.
                      the mission. If you did not add a takeoff
                      waypoint, switch to AUTO mode after
                      takeoff to initiate the mission in flight.

                      To recall IRIS during a mission,    To avoid sudden changes
                      use the controller to switch        in altitude when switching
                      to standard (STD) and land          from auto to standard (STD),
                      manually. Or switch to RTL,         ensure that the left stick is
                      and automatically return to         set to the center position.
                      the launch point.

4 Switch to standard
      before disarming.
                             When the mission is complete and IRIS has landed,
                             use the controller to switch to standard (STD) then
                             disarm and proceed with the postflight steps.

                             If you added an automatic landing waypoint to your
                             mission, IRIS will disarm automatically after landing.

20
Specifications

Autopilot:             Pixhawk v2.4.5
Firmware:              ArduCopter 3.2
GPS:                   3DR uBlox GPS with Compass (LEA-6H module, 5 Hz update)
Telemetry radio:       3DR Radio Telemetry v2 (915 mHz or 433 mHz)
Motors:                950 kV
Frame type:            V
Propellers:            9.5 x 4.5 T-Motor multirotor self-tightening counterclockwise (2)
                       9.5 x 4.5 T-Motor multirotor self-tightening clockwise (2)
           

Battery:               3S 5.1 Ah 8C lithium polymer
Low battery voltage:   10.5 V
Maximum voltage:       12.6 V
Battery cell limit:    3S
Battery weight:        320 g

IRIS is compatible with 3S lithium polymer batteries only. Using a 4S battery can cause
permanent damage to the gimbal electronics and will void the warranty.

Weight with battery:   1282 g
Height:                100 mm
Motor-to-motor:        550 mm 
Payload capacity:      400 g (.8 lbs)
Radio range:           up to 1 km (.6 miles)
Flight time:           16-22 minutes*

*Flight time varies with payload, wind conditions, elevation, temperature,
humidity, flying style, and pilot skill. Listed flight time applies to elevations
less than 2,000 ft above sea level.

Resources

Hardware:              3DR.com/iris/info

Firmware:copter.ardupilot.com

Software:              planner.ardupilot.com and planner2.ardupilot.com

3DR Store:             store.3DR.com

Community:diydrones.com

Happy flying!

                                                                                   21
Learn More

Visit 3DR.com/iris/info to learn about:
»» 3PVTM Follow Me and DroidPlanner
»» Opening the shell
»» Replacing the arms and motors
»» Installing software
»» Planning a mission
»» Updating firmware
»» LED meanings and tones

Visit copter.ardupilot.com to learn about:
»» Additional flight modes
»» Configuring parameters, including yaw behavior during

     autonomous flight, descent speed during RTL, and more

Visit planner.ardupilot.com (Mission Planner) and
planner2.ardupilot.com (APM Planner) to learn about:
»» Planning a mission with waypoints and events
»» Using a ground station to command IRIS in flight
»» Downloading and analyzing flight logs

Join the community and share your experience at
diydrones.com.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter @3DRobotics.

Support

For customer support, contact us at help@3DR.com
or call our support line at +1 (858) 225-1414
Monday through Friday, from 8 am to 5 pm, PST.

IRIS+ Operation Manual vH | ©3D Robotics, Inc. | 2015
     Full Autonomy Full Autonomy

               Loiter                Loiter                                  Flight Checklist

Go outside to          1 Power on controller;                                     2 Connect
an open area!              set to STD and RTL OFF.                                               charged battery.

     Altitude Hold                  Altitude Hold

3 4Place IRIS at                    Press and hold safety                    5 Check    6 Arm
      launch point.                 button until solid red.                       LED.       motors.

Choose a cleSatralbauanliczhe       Stabalize                                             Hold left stick down-
point, and face IRIS                                                                      right until motors spin.
                                                             The motors are
away from you.                                               now active.

                                                              !

                                                             Stand back!

LED

                       Initializing, please wait                                Loss of RC signal, automatic landing
                       Acquiring GPS, please wait                               Low battery, automatic landing
                                                                                Loss of GPS signal, switch to manual
                                                           Return to Launch     Pre-arm safety check failure,
                                                                                see troubleshooting guide
                       Autopilot ready, GPS locked
                                                                             Motors active, deactivate before
                       Armed                                                 handling (see reverse)

Safety Button                                Full Autonomy                        Loiter mode

                       Motors inactive, safe to                                    LTR
                       handle                                                      hover

                                             Loiter                               Return to launch

Flight Modes                                                                       RTL
                                                                                   land at the launch point
                               Standard position

                               (altiSttuabdaelizheold mode)

                               STD           Altitude Hold

                               fly manually

                       Auto mode             Stabalize

                       AUTOAltitude Hold
                       fly a mission

                               LanLdoiter                                       Control gimbal

                               CH7                                               TILT
                               land at the current position                      tilt the camera down and up

                                     Full Autonomy                           ©2014 3D Robotics | vB DCT0003 | All rights reserved.
Controller Flight Data

Press and hold the DN button to access the flight data screens.
Press DN again to toggle between screens.

                 GPS status                Left Stick                                          current flight mode
      connection strength                                                                      GPS signal strength in # of
                                                                                               satellites
         altitude in meters                                                                    flight battery level (10.5-12.6 V)
               speed in m/s                                                                    flight battery mAh
                                                                                               consumed since armed
meters from launch point
                  flight time                                                                  End your flight at 10.7 V.

            current latitude                                                             ! Do not exceed 4000 mAh for
          current longitude                                                                    a fully charged IRIS+ battery
         altitude in meters                                                                    (80% of available capacity).

                                                                                               controller battery level (9-12 V)

Flight

                                                                             Left Stick

            Raise left stick above         Set left stick to center Move left stick left
            center to take off and         to maintain altitude. and right to rotate.
            gain altitude.
                                                                                          Left Stick

                               Left Stick

            Use right stick to fly forward,                      Lower left stick below Set left stick fully down to
            backward, left, and right.
                                                                 center to descend.       land when near the ground.

Postflight  1 Disarm                       2 3Press safety                   Disconnect   4 Power off
                motors.                         button.                      battery.          controller.

                        Hold left stick down- Press and hold until
                        left until motors stop. blinking red to deactivate.

For customer support, contact us at help@3DR.com
or call our support line at +1 (858) 225-1414
Monday through Friday, from 8 am to 5 pm, PST.
3DR.com/iris/info
