April 1, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11265
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0732

Mr. Mark Fischer
The City of Roswell Coalition
122 Will Rogers Road, Building 1166
Roswell, NM 88203

Dear Mr. Fischer:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter posted to the public docket on September 19, 2014, you petitioned the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of The City of Roswell Coalition (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate
an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to perform research, development and validation of a
formal UAS training curriculum.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on October 7, 2014,
(79 FR 60572). One comment was received.

In support of the petition, the Small UAV Coalition (Coalition) stated the petitioner has
proposed to abide by stronger safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating
                                                                                                                 2

similar aircraft. The Coalition stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures
should be required for the petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its
operations. The Coalition urged the FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS
operations under Section 333 of Public Law 112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and
risks of UAS by class and operational circumstances, rather than adopting artificial
distinctions among unmanned aerial vehicles based on commercial and noncommercial
operations. The petitioner's UAS pose considerably less safety risk than larger UAS. The
Coalition asserted that because UAS operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to
safety, they should be subject to minimal and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors1 in Section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in Section 333, such as location, altitude of its UAS, and proven experience of the
SkyRanger UAS. The Coalition maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy
the seven factors in Section 333 and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the
safety and security of the proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must
evaluate each factor within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate. The Coalition further stated that if an airman certificate is require,
then, at a minimum, the FAA should provide an exception from the training and testing
requirements that pertain to UAS commercial operations pertinent to the aircraft and
operation proposed. The Coalition also asserted that in section 333 Congress intended for the
FAA to consider national security with respect to the operation as opposed to addressing it
through pilot certification.

The FAA notes that, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333, nor the FAA's exemption authority2 allows the
FAA to exempt pilots from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as
prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.

The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operations. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may
allow the UAS to be operated beyond VLOS of the PIC and that the petitioner's proposal to
operate the UA within VLOS of the PIC and/or VO should be permitted. The FAA notes that
one of the determinations for operations under Section 333 is operation within visual line of
sight. As the PIC is determined to be in command of the UA, he must maintain VLOS while
operating the UA. The FAA also notes that a visual observer complements the PICs

1 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112 95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to national
security; ..."
2 49 USC § 44701(f)
                                                                                                3

capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including when the PIC may be momentarily
attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an additional level of operational safety.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Aeryon SkyRanger.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, The City of Roswell Coalition is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
                                                                                                                 4

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, The City of Roswell Coalition is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aeryon SkyRanger
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            5

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            6

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
    CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                          7

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               8

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     9

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
September 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, the City of Roswell Coalition (The Coalition) utilizing the Aeryon Labs' SkyRanger small
Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") seeks an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations
("FARs") listed below and discussed in Appendix A. T h e C o a l i t i o n i s a c o m m u n i t y b a s e d
organization whose mission is to promote the responsible emergence of UAS
industry in the area and encourage the preparation of the work force to attract
t h i s i n d u s t r y . Details of the SkyRanger sUAS and its OEM are described in Appendix B. A
summary of this request is attached as Appendix C.

The Coalition members are comprised of Chaves County, NM, 4 municipalities including Roswell, NM,
Roswell International Air Center, New Mexico Military Institute and Eastern New Mexico University ­
Roswell (ENMUR). The New Mexico Attorney General has affirmed the coalition as a public entity
(Appendix D). The mission of the coalition is to promote the growth of the UAS industry in their Central
New Mexico location and foster professional preparation of that work force. To that end, the Coalition is
working with Strategic-Aerospace International, INC, a contractor, and member ENMUR to conduct an
Instructional System Design for a quad-copter and fixed wing curriculum (Strat-Aero will develop
curriculum and the university will submit for NM university system approval and then collegiate
accreditation). Strat-Aero will further develop the majority of these courses as web-based CBT. The
courses will be packaged and delivered by ENMUR to award a technical certificate or an Associate's
degree in aviation science with a UAS specialty. ENMUR intends to deliver instruction of certain of these
courses for credit hours with other academic institutions' degree programs through articulation
agreements. In addition, member New Mexico Military Institute intends to offer this curriculum to its junior
college students. Further, the Coalition intends to create an educational Center of Excellence at Roswell
dedicated to the responsible introduction of UAS operations into American industry. ENMUR has the
infrastructure needed for this initiative to include the physical plant (classrooms, dormitories, dining
facilities, etc.) and academic network (faculty, administration, organization ­ part of the state university
system, Aviation Science department, etc.). Roswell, New Mexico provides an ideal location in terms of
climate, available facilities, and perhaps most important broad-based, enthusiastic community support for
the introduction of UAS industry activities.

The requested exemption would permit T h e Coalition operation of Aeryon's SkyRanger (see details
in Appendix B), which weighs 6 lbs. with imaging payload, to perform r esearch, development and
validation of a formal UAS training curriculum that includes training in various mission applications of

                                                                     1
 sUAS vehicles to include aerial surveys, mapping, and inspections that consist of still photographs,
 video, and other data taken by onboard sensors. The SkyRanger produces high quality imagery
 and data that can be used independently  or in the case of surveying and modelling, can be
 combined to produce precision digital point clouds, triangle models, and contour maps of the surveyed
 area. Applications for these sUASs include inspection of sensitive infrastructure including oil and
 gas w e l l h e a d s , pipelines and flare stacks, power lines and towers, solar panel arrays, wind
 turbines, and surveying tasks such as precision agriculture, mining, transportation, and
 forestry. A l s o , l a w e n f o r c e m e n t a g e n c i e s c a n a p p l y t h e s e
 technologies if they are coupled with new approaches to the use
 o f d a t a a n a l y s i s t o t a c t i c a l s i t u a t i o n s . Use of the SkyRanger for these
 inspection and surveying applications reduces the need to operate conventional aircraft,
 providing data more quickly, accurately, economically, safely, and with reduced environmental impact.

 The requested exemption would address an insidious, imbedded problem with the current introduction of
 UAS activity into the NAS. The sales of UAV's in the US have been quite robust and numerous different
 UAS models have been procured by a variety of new owners. Where have these new owners been
 trained and how comprehensive has their training been? Have they been trained to just maneuver the
 UAV or have they been educated properly using a well-developed, formal curriculum in the operation and
 application of the UAS in an operational context? A sampling of OEM training indicates that new owners
 are taught the very rudimentary elements of maneuvering the machine only, and from an ad hoc course of
 instruction. All of this suggests that latent accidents have already been introduced into the system. Strat-
 Aero International Inc., the Coalition partner designated to provide UAS flying services operating the
 SkyRanger, has in depth experience with formal curriculum development in both PART 121 training
 environment to include major US air carrier Advanced Qualification Programs as well as the Part 141/142
 and ICAO Ab Initio training arena to include Multi-Crew Pilot License programs. In the absence of
 regulatory guidance for training programs and in an effort to work with the FAA as it develops appropriate
 FAA guidance in this area, Strat-Aero and Eastern New Mexico University Roswell wish to formally
 develop a UAS training curriculum that meets the standards established for courses within the university
 system and that meets the accreditation requirements of regional educational accrediting bodies. Our
 intent would be to create a training program that would be certified as a Part 141 program as soon as
 available. In the meantime, we would develop a training program that is substantiated and would
 introduce safe, professional operators into the fledgling UAS industry in the US. Such a program could
 serve as a model for other such programs and an invaluable FAA resource.

 Operations under the exemption will be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to
 ensure at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircraft
 and under conditions as may be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.

 Aeryon h a s filed a s im i la r exemption request on its own behalf. Aeryon has encouraged its
customers to file exemption applications that would allow us to operate the SkyRanger in
operations at our own facilities and other sites that require aerial data for inspections and surveys.
Wherever possible, those filings will be substantially similar to the Aeryon exemption application.

 As described more fully below, the requested exemption would authorize The Coalition to perform
 research, development and delivery of formally constructed training curricula to include applications
 like operations of aerial inspections and surveys using the SkyRanger1, which at 6 lbs., is small in

 1 Aeryon and its customers have been granted many flight operation certificate to operate the
 Aeryon SkyRanger, and its predecessor the Aeryon Scout  including Special Flight Operation Certificates in
 Canada for commercial use, and Certificates of Waiver or Authorization (COA) in the US for public agency use.

                                                                       2
size and powered electrically by battery. The SkyRanger will be operated under controlled conditions at
low altitude in airspace that is limited in scope, as described more fully herein; it will have automated
control features, as described below. The Aeryon SkyRanger is designed to be operated by one person
but flight operations generally involve two people: an operator and an observer. The operator is
responsible for flying the sUAS, monitoring its status and flight dynamics while maintaining visual
line of sight, and keeping the flight within the specified factory limits (in terms of wind, flight range,
battery life, etc.) to ensure safe operation of the sUAS itself. The observer is responsible for
monitoring the airspace for other aircraft and hazards and instructing the operator before and during
flight as necessary to ensure safe separation/deconfliction with these aircraft and hazards. The
operator also will be an individual who has passed an FAA approved or equivalent ground training
exam and authorized Aeryon training program for the SkyRanger. Finally, the airspace in which the
SkyRanger will operate will be disclosed to and approved, as needed, by the FAA in advance.

 The Coalition respectfully submits that because this small, unmanned aerial system ­ the SkyRanger
 ­ will be used by competently trained operators in lieu of comparatively hazardous operations now
 conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft, the FAA can have confidence that
 the operations will achieve at least an equivalent level or greater level of safety. Approval of this
 exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA
 Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act to "establish requirements for
 the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."

 The name and address of the applicant are:

 The Roswell Coalition.
 Attn: Mark Fischer
 Ph: 575-740-72216
 Fax: 519347-2234
 Email: mfischer@matrixgrp.net
 Address: 122 Will Rogers Road, Bldg 1166

         Roswell, NM 88203
 The primary contact for this application is:
 Jonathan Adams ­ jon@strat-aero.com, 518 224 5759

 The regulations from which the exemption is requested are as follows:
 14 C.F.R. Part 21;
 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
 14 C.F.R. 91.103;
 14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.119;14
 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a).

                                                                       3
                        THE APPLICABLE LEGAL STANDARD UNDER SECTION 333

The Coalition and Aeryon submit that grant of this exemption application for use of the SkyRanger in
research and development of formally constructed training curricula to include applications like
surveying, mapping and inspection operations will advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333
of the Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of sUASs into the national airspace system ("NAS") if it
can be accomplished safely. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain sUASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under
Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine
which types of sUASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to
national security in light of the following:

     The sUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
     Operation of the sUAS in close proximity to populated areas; and
     Operation of the sUAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

Reform Act § 333(a)(1). If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the
national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added).2

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act,
from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate and those
regulations requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial service:

         The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
         subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 4470244716 of this title if the
         Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest.

49 U.S.C. §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203(a)(1).

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on the clear direction in Section
333 of the Reform Act; the additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong
equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and the significant public benefit,
including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with responsibly transitioning to sUASs for aerial
surveying, mapping and inspection applications. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that
the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

Airworthiness of the SkyRanger

A critical element of the exemption application involves evidence of the airworthiness of Aeryon sUAS
including the SkyRanger. Aeryon believes that it has shown compliance through a history of granted

2 Applicant submits that this provision places a duty on the Administrator to not only process
applications for exemptions under Section 333, but for the Administrator, if he deems the conditions
proposed herein require modification in order to allow approval, to supply conditions for the safe operation of
the sUAS. Aeryon welcomes the opportunity to consult with FAA staff in order to address any issues or
concerns that this proposal may raise that they believe may require modification.

                                                                     4
flight operations and successful flights  including many operations with public agencies. The list of
granted applicants includes: Michigan State Police, US Navy Spawar, Mass Development (Joint Base
Cape Cod), Unmanned Experts (NIJ Partnership), Western Washington University, Aetos (via
Northwest Michigan College), University of Alaska Fairbanks, University of New Mexico, Kansas State
University, and Virginia Tech U n i ver s it y. The SkyRanger has also successf ully completed the
Department of Homeland Security RAPS Trial in 2013. In Canada, Aeryon has obtained 19 Special
Flight Operations Certificates (SFOCs) from Transport Canada over 5 years and its customers have
received multiple certificates to perform demonstration, research and development, public and
commercial operations.The criteria set forth in the certificates granted specify the substantive
showings of the device's safety and fitness for operation to ensure that the FAA has sufficient basis
to evaluate the aircraft's safety3. The SkyRanger also has a significant set of automated features to
ensure safe takeoff, flight and landing in many conditions, further details of operation can be found in
Appendix B.

Mandatory Operating Conditions

Grant of the exemption to The Coalition will be subject to the following mandatory conditions,
which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of sUAS by public entities
pursuant to Certificates of Authorization, with additional restrictions:

     Operations to avoid congested or populated areas, which are depicted in yellow on VFR charts.
     Operations to be conducted over private or controlled access property.
     Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
     Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
     Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).

               VLOS guaranteed with a cylinder of operation around operator not to exceed the remain in
              sight of operator/observer distance and the boundaries of the authorized location.
     Operations to occur during daylight hours.
     Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet.
     All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain within the boundaries of authorized
         location and so as to adhere to any conditions set forth in that authorization.
     Operator will file a NOTAM and/or notify ATC prior to each flight as per conditions of authorization.
     All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
         jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies.
     All operations will include one pilot for flight control and one observer for VLOS enhancement of
         surrounding area near the aircraft

Operator Requirements

Both The Coalition and Aeryon respectfully propose that operator requirements should take into
account the characteristics of the particular sUAS. Certain sUASs, such as the Aeryon SkyRanger,
are characterized by a high degree of preprogrammed control and various built-in technical
capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth above.
The SkyRanger sUAS also provides many built-in functional and safety features to assist the operator

3 The Coalition can submit under confidentiality the following documents in support of this
exemption application for the SkyRanger: 1) Aeryon SkyRanger User Guide which includes Safety and
Preflight Checklists; and 2) SkyRanger UAS Operating Manual.

                                                                     5
in safe and reliable operation.4

The Aeryon SkyRanger provides two semiautonomous flight modes using a pointandclick map and
video interface. The user clicks on a map to direct the SkyRanger to fly to the point on the map where
the operator is pointing, or programmed flight plans may be entered for a series of waypoints or
gridbased area. Additional navigation aids including landing zones and flight areas may be designated
to ensure the SkyRanger operates only within userspecified flight parameters (electric fence). All flight
operations are GPS controlled making the system easy to navigate, and the flight control system
also employs a variety of sensors including sonar, barometric pressure, temperature, wind speed and
others to ensure the high stability and reliability in challenging weather conditions. At all times during
flight operations, the operator can intervene with a programmed flight and take immediate control.

Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the SkyRanger include the
following:

     Automated preflight system performance checks
     User preflight checklist
     Automated condition or fault detection, warnings, and predefined responses to a number of

         flight and system conditions.
          High winds with system and user defined safety thresholds
          Low battery with system and user defined safety thresholds
          High temperature or other system safety thresholds
          Lostlink communication
     Predefined responses include behavior such as attempting to reestablish radio
         communication, return to home position and hover, return to home position and land, or land in
         current position
     In the case of lost GPS, a manual user flight mode is enabled which allows the operator to
         provide manual navigation inputs to assist in landing the vehicle.

Given these safety features, The Coalition proposes that operators of the SkyRanger should not be
required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be required to:

     have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction and passed
         the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAArecognized equivalents including commercial
         or private license and ground school issued from an ICAO recognized country;

     have completed Aeryon's authorized training program for operation and maintenance of the
         sUAS.

Aeryon notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by operators
with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs when the mandatory
operating conditions specified above were present. See Federal Aviation Administration, Notice
N8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at 2021 (July 30, 2013). The
FAA has the statutory authority to grant exemptions to the requirements for and privileges associated
with the grant of airmen's certificates. 49 USC §44701 (f).

4 As of July 2014, Aeryon staff and customers have performed over 5681 flights, logging 623 hours of
flight time with the SkyRanger with both development and release versions. The previous generation
product, Scout, achieved over 7197 flights and 839 hours of flight time globally by Aeryon and its
customers. This is a significant amount of flight time collected to understand and refine the Aeryon
sUAS products.

                                                                     6
In summary, applicant seeks an exemption from the FARs set forth above and in Appendix C to allow
research, development and deliver y of a f ormal UAS tr aining cur r iculum of a small unmanned
vehicle in surveying, mapping and inspection operations.

Approval of the exemption allowing research, development and deliver y of a f orm al UAS
t raining curr iculum of the SkyRanger for surveying, mapping and inspection operations will
enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional aerial survey and inspection operations using manned
aircraft involve very heavy aerial vehicles carrying significant quantities of combustible fuels, and
a multiperson crew in piloting and observation roles. These operations require transit to and from
the location of the activity, and often take place in congested environments including proximity to
physical obstacles and/or presence of the general public. By contrast, the SkyRanger weighs 6
lbs. including payloads and uses a battery for power, is carried to/from the area of activity,
removes the need for airborne pilots/observers, and poses less risk to people and infrastructure on
the ground. And the proper development of curricula through an instructional system design process
will insure safe future operators of UAS for these tasks.

Additionally, no national security issue is raised by the grant of the requested exemptions. Given the
size, load carrying capacity, speed at which it operates, and the fact that it carries no explosives or
other dangerous materials, the SkyRanger poses no threat to national security.

The operation of the SkyRanger b y t h e C o a l i t i o n for research, development and delivery of a
f orm al UAS t raining curr iculum for surveying, mapping and inspection operations in accordance
with the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting
the grant of the exemptions requested herein, including exempting The Coalition from the requirements
of Part 21.

The C o a l i t i o n u t i l i z i n g t h e SkyRanger satisfies of the criteria set forth in Section 333 of the
Reform Act--size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, lack of proximity populated areas, operation
within visual line of sight, and national security ­ and its showing of an equivalent level of safety as it
may relate to the requirement for a pilot's license, provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemptions allowing The Coalition to proceed as requested.

         Very truly yours,

         Mark Fischer
         The City of Roswell Coalition

                                                                     7
APPENDIX A

        EXEMPTION REQUEST AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY SHOWINGS UNDER
                                 APPLICABLE RULES SUBJECT TO EXEMPTION

Aeryon requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any additional regulations that
may technically apply to the operation of the SkyRanger:

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
14 CFR § 91.203(a)(1)

Section 91.203(a)(1) requires all civil aircraft to have a certificate of airworthiness. Part 21, Subpart H,
entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
airworthiness certificates as required by FAR § 91.203(a)(1). Given the size of the aircraft (6 lbs.) and
the limited operating area associated with its utilization, it is unnecessary to go through the certificate
of airworthiness process under Part 21 Subpart H to achieve or exceed current safety levels.

Such an exemption meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section
333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the
FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the sUAS
involved.

In this case, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the SkyRanger operated without an
airworthiness certificate, under the conditions proposed herein, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a
conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) with an airworthiness certificate. The SkyRanger weighs
6 lbs. fully loaded. It will not carry a pilot or passenger, will not carry flammable fuel, and will operate
exclusively within an area predisclosed and in compliance with conditions set forth herein. Operations
under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the
conditions set forth above, and by local public safety requirements. The FAA will have advance notice
of all operations through the filing of NOTAMs. Receipt of the prior permission of the land owner, the
size of the aircraft, the lack of flammable fuel, and the fact that the aircraft is carried to the location and
not flown there all establish the equivalent level of safety. The SkyRanger provides at least an
equivalent, and most likely exceeds5 , level of safety to that of such operations being conducted with
conventional aircraft that would be ordersofmagnitude larger and would be carrying passengers,
cargo, and flammable fuel. The automated safety features including redundant sensor systems as
described in Appendix B and throughout this document highlight the design intentions towards safety
and reliability on SkyRanger.

5 An Aeryon internal report compares the crash kinetic energy dissipation rate of a commercial airline versus the
Aeryon SkyRanger. The report found the MTTF of SkyRanger needs to only be > 2.3 hours to equal the energy
dissipation of the gold standard commercial aircraft. Transport Canada, has issued a report on low energy RPA
and determined the Aeryon Scout, at a typical max kinetic energy of 1.45J/cm2, to be well below the
recommended peak energy level of 12J/cm2 on impact, since the SkyRanger is similar in construction it could be
considered to be below this threshold as well.

                                                                     8
14 C.F.R. § 45.23 & 91.9(c): Marking of the Aircraft

Regulation 45.23 provides:
                   (a) Each operator of an aircraft must display on that aircraft marks consisting of the
                   Roman capital letter "N" (denoting United States registration) followed by the registration
                   number of the aircraft. Each suffix letter used in the marks displayed must also be a
                   Roman capital letter.
                   (b) When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
                   displayed on limited, restricted or lightsport category aircraft or experimental or
                   provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near
                   each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
                   more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or
                   "provisional," as applicable.

Regulation 91.9(c) provides:
                    No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is identified in
                    accordance with part 45 of this chapter.

The SkyRanger has no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the markings can be
placed. Given the size of the sUAS, twoinch lettering will be impossible. Official marking systems for
small UAS have not yet been established for operations inside the NAS. The SkyRanger is currently
marked with a fixed label containing Aeryon Labs SkyRanger measuring 1.5" x 0.5" as well as a serial
number located under the removable camera payload. Aeryon is prepared to mark the inspection
system with the name of the organization and location or origin and fulfill any other request by the FAA
to this topic in accordance to § 45.29(f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with the sUAS
will see the identification of the sUAS.

The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation, see Exemption Nos. 8738, 10167,
10167A and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in
Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and Limitations.

Section 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Unlike a conventional aircraft
that carries a pilot, passengers, and cargo, the SkyRanger in this case is remotely controlled with no
passengers or property of others on board. Section 61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial
pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Aeryon respectfully
proposes that operator requirements should take into account the characteristics of the particular
sUAS. Aeryon's SkyRanger has a high degree of preprogrammed control and various builtin technical
capabilities that strictly limit the potential for operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in the
exemption application.

The SkyRanger has an alldigital software platform with advanced features previously restricted to full
size unmanned aircraft. Automated features and advanced flysafe controls enable safe, reliable
operation, as well as advanced networking capabilities and system extensibility.

     Plan your flight or fly adhoc: The system can autonomously fly a programmed flight path or fly
         in manual mode

     Smart batteries and charger: Flight time and battery minutes are displayed at all times. The
         system will return home and land automatically if userconfigurable limits are reached.

                                                                     9
Flight safety is a priority, no matter the operating environment or project. The SkyRanger offers
superior safety over manned aircraft by removing the need for people to be onboard in potentially
dangerous situations. With multiple builtin safety features, the Aeryon platform leads other sUAS with
respect to safety.

     Intelligent fault handling: The system automatically detects potential issues  with configurable
         automated response behavior such as a returnhomeandland routine

     Automatic preflight checks: The system selfcalibrates all of its sensors and performs
         selftests prior to takeoff to check for errors

     Nofly zones: The system has the ability to set up visual nofly zones
     Selfmonitoring: Monitoring battery levels, inflight wind speeds, and other system and

         environmental conditions are automatically handled by the system
     Battery communication: Battery minutes and flight time are displayed at all times.The system

         will return home and land automatically if userconfigurable limits are reached.

Additional automated safety functions and safety enhancing features of the SkyRanger include the
following:

     Auto detection of lost GPS warns the pilot and initiates an immediate landing.
     Low battery on the SkyRanger triggers a Non Fatal Warning alarm to return home, land and

         replace the battery
     Very low battery on the SkyRanger triggers an Fatal Error alarm and initiates an emergency

         high speed descent landing.
     If the SkyRanger detects a lostlink to the basestation the vehicle will perform its predefined

         NonFatal Condition Response.

Given these safety features, The Coalition proposes that operators of the SkyRanger should not be
required to hold a commercial or private pilot certification. Instead, operators should be required to:

     have successfully completed, at a minimum, FAA private pilot ground instruction and passed
         the FAA Private Pilot written examination or FAArecognized equivalents including ICAO issued
         commercial, private license and ground school;

     have completed Aeryon's training program for operation of the sUAS.

The Coalition notes that the FAA has found that safety factors permitted operation of sUASs by
operators with these qualifications in the case of operations pursuant to public COAs where the
mandatory operating conditions specified above are present. See Federal Aviation Administration,
Notice N8900.227, Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) Operational Approval, at 2021 (July 30,
2013). The FAA has the statutory authority, granted at 49 U.S.C.§44701(f) to waive the pilot
requirements for commercial operations.

Given these conditions and restrictions, an equivalent level of safety will be provided by allowing
operation of the SkyRanger without a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's certificate, under
the conditions set forth herein.

The risks associated with the operation of the SkyRanger (given its size, speed, operational
capabilities, and lack of combustible fuel) are so diminished from the level of risk associated with
private pilot operations or commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 with conventional aircraft
(fixed wing or rotorcraft), that allowing operations of the sUAS as set forth above meets or exceeds the
present level of safety provided under 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b) and does not rise to the level of
requiring a commercial pilot to operate the aircraft under § 61.133(a).

                                                                     10
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

This regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.
Should the exemption be granted allowing commercial operation of the SkyRanger without an
airworthiness certificate, no standard will exist for airworthiness of the SkyRanger. Given the size of
the aircraft and the previous COAs issued for Aeryon's Scout and SkyRanger, an equivalent level of
safety will be achieved by ensuring compliance with the Aeryon manuals prior to each flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

The regulation provides:
                   No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft ...

                   (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
                   chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
                   Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
                   thereof.

Given the size and configuration of the SkyRanger, it has no ability or place to carry such a flight
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping the flight manual (see, e.g., User Guide,
Exhibit 1) at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it.
The FAA has issued to others the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety
of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an exemption will
be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the SkyRanger User Manual
(exhibit 1) under the `Getting Ready to Fly' section. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing
weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data
before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a) & 91.319(a)(1): Flight Instruction

These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon)
that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

The SkyRanger is a remotely piloted aircraft and by design, does not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. The flight plan is either manually controlled through pointandclick touchscreen
navigation or preprogrammed as way points or an AutoGrid into the auto pilot before or during flight
and only in unusual circumstances will the pilot input control functions to alter the preprogrammed
flight. If instruction is accomplished through a training program, as set forth in Exhibit 2, an equivalent
level of safety will be assured. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully

                                                                     11
functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See
Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the manufacturer
providing the training as outlined, for example, in Exhibit 2 and through the use of experienced and
qualified pilots familiar with the SkyRanger.

14 CFR § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, 91.119(c) limits
aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated
closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the SkyRanger will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. It will, however, be
operated to avoid congested or populated areas that are depicted in yellow on VFR sectional charts.
Because aerial survey, mapping and inspection work must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes
and at altitudes less than 500 feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is needed.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with which
the SkyRanger is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land owner or those
who control the land. Because of the advance notice to the landowner, all affected individuals will be
aware of the flights. Compared to aerial survey operations conducted with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighing far more than 6 lbs. and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations
will be far less than those currently allowed with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet
AGL. Indeed, the lowaltitude operations of the sUAS will maintain separation between these sUAS
operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least
30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The SkyRanger batteries provide approximately 50 minutes of powered flight. Without an exemption
from § 14 CFR 91.151, the sUAS's flights would be limited to approximately 20 minutes in length. Given
the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those proposed operations, a longer time
frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

The Coalition believes that an exemption from 14 CFR § 91.151(a) is safe and within the scope of a
prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the sUAS, without 30 minutes of reserve fuel does not
engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to prevent given the size and speed at
which the sUAS operates. The fact that it carries no pilot, passenger, or cargo also enhances its
safety. Additionally, limiting SkyRanger flights to 20 minutes would greatly reduce their utility. In the
unlikely event that the SkyRanger should run out of fuel, it would simply land. Given its weight and
construction material, the risks are less than contemplated by the current regulation.

The Coalition believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10 minutes of
reserve fuel, which, allowing 40 minutes of flight time, would be more than adequate to return the
sUAS to its

                                                                     12
planned landing zone from anywhere in its operating area.

The FAA has granted similar exemptions to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673 and
10808.

14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

This regulation provides as follows:

                   (a) ... no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has ... an appropriate and current
                   airworthiness certificate.
                   (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
                   paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
                   displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The SkyRanger fully loaded weighs approximately 6 lbs. As such, there is no ability or place to carry
certification and registration documents or to display them on the sUAS. In addition, there is no pilot on
board the aircraft.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control point
where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them. The FAA has issued numerous
exemptions to this regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos.
9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a): Maintenance Inspections

Section 91.405(a) requires that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ..."
Section 91.407 similarly makes reference to requirements in Part 43; Section 91.409(a)(2) requires an
annual inspection for the issuance of an air worthiness certificate. Section 91.417(a) requires the
owner or operator to keep records showing certain maintenance work that has been accomplished by
certificated mechanics, under Part 43, or licensed pilots and records of approval of the aircraft for
return to service.

The SkyRanger is nearly maintenance free, it performs automatic preflight checks and the failure of
any check will prevent takeoff. Checks which cannot be done by the system will be performed by a
qualified person prior to each flight and at predefined intervals as part of the Maintenance Schedule in
the User Manual (see Exhibit 1).

Preflight checklist includes:
         1.Visual inspection of the airframe
         2.Visual inspections of rotor integrity
         3.Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater station)

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the sUAS is small in size, will carry no external
payload, will operate only in restricted predetermined areas and is not a complex mechanical devise.
As provided in the attached User Guide (System Maintenance section), the operator of SkyRanger will
ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and

                                                                     13
keep a log of any maintenance that is performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar
with the aircraft and is best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition and to ensure an
equivalent level of safety.
The SkyRanger's Maintenance guidelines ensure an equivalent level of safety to the maintenance
requirements in Part 91. In addition, any component failure detectable by the system will be reported to
the control station and will cause the UAV to perform a Fatal Condition Response (FCR) or NonFatal
Conditioned Response (NFCR), depending on the type of failure.

                                                                     14
APPENDIX B

                              SMALL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM DESCRIPTION

Aeryon Corporate Overview: Aeryon Labs, Inc. is a Canadian company located in Waterloo Ontario.
Aeryon is focused on providing micro unmanned aerial system and is globally recognized as the
market and technology leader in this space. Key customers range from military organizations such as
Canadian Special Operations and US Special Operations; key government agencies such as NOAA,
Environment Canada and the US Coast Guard; world leading universities in the unmanned space such
as University of Alaska Fairbanks and Kansas State University; police agencies such as the RCMP
and OPP; and global enterprises such as BP, UK Power Networks and Fortune 500 companies in the
chemical, oil/gas and security markets. Aeryon systems have accumulated over 5000 hours in global
flight operations. This number does not include military flight hours which increase the numbers
further.

Aeryon systems have a been approved by the FAA for research COAs and have a demonstrated
safety track record. The Aeryon sUAS platforms were the first to officially fly at one of the FAA's UAS
Test Sites (UAF Alaska). Many customers from military, to education to police and even commercial
operations have been given approval to fly in US, Canada, UK, Australia, Japan, and others airspaces.

SkyRanger Overview: Aeryon unmanned systems have been used to fight terrorism in Iraq,
Afghanistan and Nigeria, monitor hostile borders between Saudi Arabia and Yemen, ensure the safety
of world leaders at the G50 Nuclear Summit in Seoul, escort a fuel tanker and ice breaker into a remote
Alaskan community, monitor wildlife on the Aleutian Islands, map remote communities in South
America, keep our highways clear and safe; and provide volumetric analysis for open pit mines.

The Aeryon SkyRanger can carry payloads up to 600 g. The SkyRanger flies with a maximum wind
threshold of 40 M.P.H. for sustained winds and wind gusts up to 55 M.P.H.. What is unique about the
Aeryon SkyRanger is the system automatically compensates for wind versus relying on the operator's
`sense of feel' for what the impact of the wind is at the altitude the system is flying. The end result is a
system capable of gathering high quality aerial intelligence at much higher wind thresholds. A trait that
is imperative for many aerial inspection operations.

The SkyRanger has an operational range of up to 3 km (1.6 NM) with the standard offering and up to 5
km (2.7 NM).

All flight operations are GPS controlled making the system extremely easy to navigate. At any point if
the operator is not explicitly commanding the system to move, the system automatically holds its GPS
position (i.e. GPS hold for reliable location hover). Camera positioning is also GPS controlled allowing
for the most sophisticated camera targeting available. The flight control system employs not only GPS
positioning but a variety of sensors including sonar, barometric pressure, temperature, wind speed and
others to ensure the most stability of any system in its classregardless of the wind.

The Aeryon SkyRanger can be operated in both semi and fully autonomous flight modes. Creating
preplanned flight paths to fly in autonomous mode is as simple as clicking on the map to create a
preplanned flight path. In semiautonomous mode, the operator clicks on the map and the Aeryon
SkyRanger automatically flies to the point on the map where the operator is pointing. Premission
waypoints, Landing zone points and flight area dimensions can all be entered during preflight ensuring
the SkyRanger operates only within specified parameters.

                                                                     15
The Aeryon SkyRanger includes many advanced safety features that makes the SkyRanger the safest
choice for both urban and nonurban environments. Builtin intelligent fault handling allows the
SkyRanger to detect a system fault while in the air, and to automatically fly back to its takeoff location
and land. Faults that can be detected include: loss of communication; preset wind thresholds
exceeded; and low battery levels. In addition, the operator can create no fly zones or maximum flight
ranges and altitudes so the system cannot enter areas deemed unsafe or unnecessary to fly over. And
before every takeoff automated flight checks ensure the system is flight ready before it takes off.

The Aeryon SkyRanger can be operated entirely by a touchscreen, map based interface. This means
The operator only needs to command the system where to go, and the system does all the flying for
the operator. Maps can be saved and flight plans can be made or recalled with no internet connection
required.

SkyRanger U AS Operating Manual  System user manual available upon request.

Physical Characteristics

Measurements ­ 40" diameter deployed, 20x10" folded

Weight (without payload) ­ 2.4kg (5.3 lbs)

Fuel ­ Lithium polymer batteries are selfcontained high duration systems with "SMART" intelligence
onboard. This includes cycle charge times, locations, GPS antenna, chemical management, and
realtime data feeds to ensure maximum flight duration and subsystem safety processes. Charging is
done in the included Aeryon Battery charger and can be charged via standard wall outlet, or via a
vehicle.

Landing style/type ­ Autonomous vertical lift

Propulsion System
     Engines ­ The SkyRanger is powered by 4 electric brushless DC motors.
     Batteries ­ Lithium polymer batteries are selfcontained high duration systems with SMART
         intelligence onboard. This includes cycle charge times, locations, GPS antenna, chemical
         management, and realtime data feeds to ensure maximum flight duration and subsystem
         safety processes. Charging is done in the included Aeryon Battery charger and can be charged
         via standard wall outlet, or via a vehicle.

Performance Characteristics
     Maximum Altitude ­ 1500 ft.
     Maximum Endurance ­ 50 minutes
     Maximum Range ­ 3 km
     Weather Minimums 
     Winds Maximum ­ 40 MPH sustained, 55 mph gusts
     Minimum ceiling: 500 ft
     Minimum visibility: 1 SM
     Icing conditions ­ no icing conditions
     Precipitation ­ no visible moisture

Maintenance ­ The UAS is nearly maintenance free, it performs automatic preflight checks and the

                                                                    16
failure of any check will prevent takeoff. Checks which cannot be done by the system will be
performed by a qualified person prior to each flight.

Preflight checklist includes:
     Visual inspection of the airframe
     Visual inspections of rotor integrity
     Check charge of all batteries (aerial vehicle, command station, radio repeater station)

Reliability ­ The system is designed for maximum reliability and to maintain performance over its life.
The only components experience routine wear are rotors, batteries, motors, and legs. Battery and
motor conditions are monitored by the system with deviations reported to the operator.

Contact with other objects during flight may cause other components, particularly rotors, and motor
arms, to become damaged. Damaged components are likely to be detected during the full visual
inspection of the airframe performed before each flight. Structural damage affecting flight
characteristics will be detected by onboard sensors.

The UAV system detects numerous conditions which may make flying unsafe, such as reduced GPS
accuracy, magnetic anomalies, low battery charge, battery cell imbalances, temperature fluctuations.
Automatic preflight checks prevent the UAV from taking off if such conditions are present; or, if the
condition is detected during flight, the system will trigger a Fatal Conditioned Response.

Fault Tolerance  The key feature of the UAV fault tolerance is its mechanical simplicity. It uses four
fixed pitched rotors, each mounted on a separate motor. No control surfaces or other actuators are
required for the UAS to fly. Any component failure detectable by the system will be reported to the
control station and will cause the UAV to perform a Fatal Condition Response (FCR) or NonFatal
Conditioned Response (NFCR), depending on the type of failure.

Command and Control Systems
The SkyRanger Ground Control station allows the operator simultaneous control over aircraft and
payloads. The touch screen control allows for quick navigation and data entry while the display screen
provides all essential flight data to the operator. Telemetry data is transmitted to the command station
at least once per second.

Displayed on GCS:
     UAS Position
     Navigation Route
     UAS Tail Number
     UAS Position
     UAS Altitude
     UAS Heading
     North Seeking Arrow
     Range to Target
     Calculated target position
     Date/time
     Sensor heading and orientation relative to UAS

On-board Flight Instruments ­ The UAV is equipped with an Inertial Navigation System (3axis
gyroscope, 3axis magnetometer, GPS receiver, and static pressure sensor) and a sonar sensor for
precision AGL altitude measurement.

                                                                    17
On­board computer systems ­ The UAS is equipped onboard computer systems to monitor
(sensors, battery, etc.), control (speeds, altitude, position, etc.), and communicate (control, telemetry,
etc.).

On-board guidance and navigation equipment ­ The UAS can operate autonomously; it does not
require any input from groundbased equipment, or from the pilot to hover in place.

Frequency Allocations ­ 900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz, custom

Flight termination link ­ to prevent a "fly away" or other potentially dangerous situation a flight
termination link is available to the operator at the GCS.

Takeoff and Landing ­ The SkyRanger has vertical lift autonomous launch and recovery. A Landing
Zone "LZ" is designated by the operators and identified in the GCS software. For launch procedures the
aircraft will takeoff and hover 3 meters directly above the LZ and hold until further operator instruction
is given. The aircraft will automatically adjust for wind during this period.

Navigation System ­ Specific maps can be downloaded to the display screen (such as air sectional
and geographic maps) which are overlaid with GPS positional data. Waypoints can be created before
and during flight operation creating specific locations and sequences for the aircraft.

Redundant Systems ­ The UAS combines the input from a multitude of sensors. Even though the
data from all sensors is required for optimal system performance, a single sensor malfunction is likely
to result in degraded performance rather than leading to a catastrophic failure.

Emergency Procedures and System Failures
Failure Handling ­ The UAS has extensive failure detection and handling capabilities. All failures are
deeded to be either fatal or nonfatal. Failures classified as fatal result in a Fatal Condition Response
(FCR); and failures classified as nonfatal result in a NonFatal Condition Response (NFCR).

Sensor Failure ­ Failure of onboard flight instruments/sensors will degrade the UAS performance
and will result in either a FCR or a NFCR, depending on their severity. If the UAS becomes unstable
due to sensor failure, it will stop all four motors and free fall to avoid a fly away condition.

Motor Failure ­ The UAS flight performance will degrade significantly if one or more motors fails.

Airframe Failure ­ If airframe is damaged in ways that impacts flight characteristics, the UAS will
behave similar to if an onboard flight instrument failed.

Navigation System Failure ­ In a navigation system failure, degraded GPS will result in FCR or
NFCR `s depending on failures.

Power Failure ­ A complete battery failure which results in power loss to the UAS will result in
degraded flight performance.

Low Battery Condition ­ Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and will land the aircraft as
soon as able.

Low Battery Condition ­ Operator will be alerted of a low battery condition and will land the aircraft as
                                                                     18
soon as able.
Line-of-Sight Loss ­ All flight operations will be conducted with the UAS within visual sight of the pilot.
If the pilot's view becomes obstructed and lineofsight is lost, the pilot may instruct the UAS to hover in
place until lineofsight is reestablished, to return to the takeoff position, or to land at the current
position.
Security
The system and communication links are encrypted by the manufacturers proprietary software.

                                                                    19
APPENDIX C
                      SUMMARY OF AERYON SECTION 333 EXEMPTION REQUEST

Aeryon hereby provides pursuant to Part 11 a summary of its exemption application to allow
commercial operation of the SkyRanger small unmanned system in market research, precision aerial
survey work, mapping and inspections. An exemption is requested from the following regulations:
14 C.F.R. Part 21;
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b);
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 61.133(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2) & (c);
14 C.F.R. 91.103;
14 C.F.R. 91.109(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.119;
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b);
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(2);
14 C.F.R. 91.417(a)

                                                         20
APPENDIX D
                      NEW MEXICO ATTORNEY GENERAL LETTER OF AFFIRMATION

Attorney General of New Mexico  General ALBERT J. LAMA
GARYK.KING Attorney             Chief Deputy Attorney General

April 22, 2014

Sent via Electronic Mail: randy. willis@faa.gov byron.ctr.chew@faa.gov

Federal Aviation Administration
490 L 'Enfant Plaza, SW Suite 3200
Washington, DC 20024

Re: Public aircraft status of City of Roswell Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Coalition unmanned
aircraft systems

To the Federal Aviation Administration:

The New Mexico Attorney General hereby affirms that the City of Roswell Unmanned Aerial Systems
(UAS) Coalition is a political subdivision of the State of New Mexico and that unmanned aircrafts
systems operated by U AS, including those operated through the Roswell International Air Center,
qualify as "public aircraft" under 49 USC 40102(a).

The pertinent portions of 49 USC 40102(a) that define public aircraft are as follows: (41) public aircraft
means -
(C) An aircraft owned and operated by the government of a State, the District of Columbia, or a
territory or possession of the United States or a political subdivision of one of these governments,
except as provided in Section 40125(b).

(D) An aircraft exclusively leased for at least 90 days continuous days by the government of a
State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the United States or a political
subdivision of one of these governments except as provided in Section 40125(b).

The UAS membership consists entirely of municipalities, state educational institutions, and a county. It is
well settled under New Mexico law that all such entities are political subdivisions of the state under

                                                          21
applicable state statutes and constitutional provisions Further, we are aware of no case law or other
authority that questions the status of the UAS or its membership organizations as political
subdivisions of the state.
The unmanned aircraft systems operated by the Roswell UAS Coalition will either be owned outright or
leased beyond 90 days, depending on the platform selected and duration of operations planned.
Additionally, we understand that 40125(b) limits the scope of UAS operations for commercial
purposes.
Thank you for your attention to this matter. Should the FAA need further information from the
New Mexico Attorney General's Office, please feel free to contact the undersigned at 505-827-
7416.
Sincerely,
Mark Reynolds
Assistant Attorney General

    P.O. Drawer 1508 Santa Fe, New Mexico 87504 (505) 827-6000 www.nmag.gov

                                                          22
