April 3, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11259
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0933

Mr. Thomas L. Mounger
Director of Operations/Chief Pilot
The Dow Chemical Company
3259 Harriet Quimby Avenue
Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport
Baton Rouge, LA 70807

Dear Mr. Mounger:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated November 3, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of The Dow Chemical Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial inspection and environmental monitoring of chemical plant
production, transmission and storage facilities.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Aeryon SkyRanger.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, The Dow Chemical Company is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, The Dow Chemical Company is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Aeryon SkyRanger
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
November 3, 2014                          Electronically Submitted via
                                          www.regulations.gov
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Regarding:  The Dow Chemical Company Petition for Section 333 Exemption
            pursuant To Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012 and Part 11 of
            the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21; 61.113(a) and (b);
            91.103; 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
            91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the
"Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow" or
"Petitioner") hereby submits this petition for exemption to authorize civil operations of
small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") for the purposes of aerial inspection and
environmental monitoring of chemical plant production, transmission and storage
facilities owned and operated by Dow and/or by Dow's wholly-owned subsidiaries,
located in the United States.

Operations will be conducted by Dow within and under the conditions outlined herein or
as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

As described below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of sUAS for
inspection of chemical facilities in the United States owned and operated by Dow and/or
by Dow's wholly-owned subsidiaries. For convenience, the petition will refer to these as
"Dow's Facilities." The sUAS will provide Dow maintenance and reliability engineers
with high-resolution imagery of plant infrastructure and equipment, including flare
stacks, elevated pipelines and power lines, tanks, and roofs within the secured confines of
Dow's Facilities. Such sUAS operation will provide safety enhancements in the facility
and surrounding areas and increase efficiency and reliability of facility inspections. The
use of sUAS will reduce the risk of inspections by eliminating the need for human
inspection by personnel on permanent and temporary elevated structures currently being
performed by rope access, scaffolding, bucket trucks, and ladders. SUAS operation will
improve efficiency and reliability of inspections by allowing for higher quality

                                                                                                           1
inspections which serve the public interest by providing accelerated awareness of
hazardous unexpected events that could impact plant personnel and the surrounding
environments and communities.

The Reform Act gives the Secretary of Transportation the authority to determine if
certain sUAS may operate safely in the national airspace system ("NAS") before
completion of the FAA's plan and rulemaking to integrate sUAS into the NAS. The Act

directs the Secretary to consider which types of sUAS as a result of their size, weight,

speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation

within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace or a

threat to national security. If the Secretary determines that such vehicles may operate
safely in the NAS, the Secretary "shall establish requirements for the safe operation of
such aircraft."1 Dow's request for exemption falls within the Section 333 requirements.

The granting of this exemption request will provide immediate benefit to Dow by

authorizing highly controlled sUAS operations within a very restricted, secured
environment at Dow's owned and operated facilities. Failure to grant this exemption will

cause unnecessary delay of an active program within Dow to develop methods and

standards for sUAS operations.

Dow is not an indirect service provider or contractor, but is a direct operator with an

immediate need for the requested sUAS exemption. The scope of this request is narrow;
it is limited to Dow's Facilities, which are chemical manufacturing, transmission and
storage facilities in the United States, owned and operated by Dow and/or by Dow's
wholly-owned subsidiaries. The operation and inspection of Dow's Facilities will

comply with all Federal, State, and Local regulations. This operation will not be for

compensation or hire.

Given the direction of Section 333 of the Reform Act, the strong equivalent level of
safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public interest benefits
including the provision of more efficient and safer facility inspections, Dow respectfully
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption.

The name and address of the applicant is:

The Dow Chemical Company
Attn: Thomas L. Mounger, Director of Operations/Chief Pilot
3259 Harriet Quimby Avenue
Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport

1 Reform Act § 333(b).

                                                                                            2
         Baton Rouge, LA 70807
         Fax: 225-345-1561
         Phone: 225-354-1559
         Email: tlmounger@dow.com

Chemical Plant Inspection by sUAS Serves the Public Interest

    1. SUAS inspection is safer than human inspection. Plant inspection without sUAS
         requires qualified inspectors to be in close proximity to plant infrastructure and
         equipment, including flare stacks, elevated pipelines and power lines, tanks, and
         roofs within the secured confines of Dow's Facilities. Inspectors need to climb
         towers or otherwise perform elevated work, which exposes them to the risk of
         dangerous falls. In addition, proximity to the equipment involves a risk of
         exposure to hazardous chemicals or oxygen-deficient atmospheres, burns from
         steam or from hot equipment, and other mechanical hazards associated with
         industrial equipment.

    2. SUAS inspection is of higher quality, more reliable, and can be reviewed by
         Subject Matter Experts (SMEs). SUAS inspections allow for the collection,
         dissemination and storage of visual and other sensory data with greater precision
         and duration.

    3. SUAS inspection is more efficient and less costly.

    4. SUAS inspection is safer than traditional manned commercial aircraft. In cases
         where commercial helicopters are employed for plant inspection, a significant
         flight equipment malfunction can result in severe collateral damage to the plant
         and personnel. SUAS's are less likely to cause damage in the event of contact.

The Dow Chemical Company Corporate Summary

    1. Dow combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate
         what is essential to human progress. The Company is driving innovations that
         extract value from the intersection of chemical, physical and biological sciences
         to help address many of the world's most challenging problems such as the need
         for clean water, clean energy generation and conservation, and increasing
         agricultural productivity. Dow's integrated, market-driven, industry-leading
         portfolio of specialty chemicals, advanced materials, agrosciences and plastics
         businesses deliver a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to

                                                                                                           3
         customers in approximately 180 countries and in high growth sectors such as
         packaging, electronics, water, coatings and agriculture. In 2013, Dow had annual
         sales of more than $57 billion and employed approximately 53,000 people
         worldwide. The Company's more than 6,000 products are manufactured at 201
         sites in 36 countries across the globe. More information about Dow can be found
         at www.dow.com.

Dow Aviation Experience and Prior Efforts

    1. Dow currently operates and has operational control of its own internal Corporate
         Flight Department which it has operated for more than fifty years. Currently Dow
         operates two (2) CRJ 700 aircraft under 14 CFR Part 125 in the furtherance of its
         U.S. Operations.

    2. Dow directly employees eleven (11) FAA Licensed Airline Transport Pilots and
         five (5) FAA Licensed Airframe and Powerplant Technicians in support of this
         operation. The current staff has over 75,000 accident free hours of commercial
         flight experience and more than 100 years of technician experience. Within this
         group we have several employees who are active within the noncommercial
         remote controlled arena. The Flight Department has also been monitoring the
         progress of commercial sUAS operations, both in the USA and overseas. This
         proposed sUAS operation shall be directed by Dow's Corporate Flight
         Department and shall only be used for the benefit of Dow or its wholly owned
         subsidiaries at their secure facilities.

    3. This request for exemption authority is a continuation of Dow's research and
         development efforts to employ sUAS for chemical site inspection which began in
         2012 as described in the following paragraph. FAA's grant of this request is a
         necessary step in order to continue the vital work that Dow has done to date,
         which will assist in protecting the public, Dow employees and infrastructure.

    4. Dow has worked in close cooperation with Northwestern Michigan College
         (NMC) under two Certificates of Waiver or Authorization (COA) permitting and
         regulating the research use of unmanned aircraft at Dow sites.

             a. Certificate 2013-CSA-14 issued by the FAA to Northwestern Michigan
                  College is effective from March 11, 2013 to March 10, 2015. This COA
                  covers the "Operation of the Aeryon Scout Unmanned Aircraft System
                  (SUASS) in Class G airspace at or below 400 feet Above Ground Level
                  (AGL) at the Dow Chemical Facility in Freeport Texas under the
                  jurisdiction of Houston Terminal Radar Approach Control (TRACON)."

                                                                                                           4
         b. Certificate 2012-CSA-36 issued by the FAA to Northwest Michigan
             College was effective from September 14, 2012 to September 13, 2014.
             This COA covered the "Operation of the Aeryon Scout Unmanned
             Aircraft System (SUASS) in Class G airspace at or below 400' Above
             Ground Level (AGL) in the vicinity of Midland, MI under the jurisdiction
             of Minneapolis Air Traffic Control Center."

5. Dow understands that the FAA may be revising its views on private-public
    cooperation of this type,2 and this makes the granting of this exemption request
    even more important to achieving the safety and efficiency objectives that were
    being pursued under these COAs, and expanding the resulting benefits to
    additional Dow facilities in the United States. Given the highly secured and
    regulated nature of Dow's Facilities, the limited risk posed by such operations,
    and the essential role Dow played in working with NMC to develop standards and
    guidelines for the safe and effective use of sUAS, Dow is requesting this
    exemption be given full consideration by the FAA.

6. Dow operates in a highly regulated environment. Dow has a robust regulatory
    compliance culture and a keen understanding of the importance of extensive
    security, planning, documentation and control of operations in a chemical plant
    environment; and as such Dow has the unique capability of developing and
    exercising the necessary procedures for safe and effective operations of sUAS at
    such facilities.

7. Dow's Facilities where flights would occur have restricted access and perimeter
    security. This includes a perimeter fence system, manned access gates,
    identification badges that must be displayed at all times on site, a site security
    force, and other measures to ensure that only authorized personnel are allowed
    within the site. Visitors are escorted at all times. With these measures, Dow is
    fully able to establish safe zones for flights, and to exclude from those safe zones
    anyone whose presence is not necessary for purposes of the flight.

8. Dow maintains compliance with all laws and regulations that govern its
    operations. This includes security of chemical sites as directed by the Department
    of Homeland Security. Dow has already studied and developed procedures for
    integrating sUAS operations in a manner that complies with those laws and
    regulations. This 333 exemption request continues Dow's commitment of

2 June 13, 2014 Memorandum from FAA Senior Attorney Karen Patronis to James Williams, Manager,
FAA SUASS Integration Office.

                                                                                                5
compliance in working with the FAA to serve the public interest, maintain the
integrity of the NAS, and will not be a threat to national security.

SUAS Description ­ Aeryon SkyRanger

         From the Internet site of the vendor: "The Aeryon SkyRanger is a small
         Unmanned Aerial System (sUAS) that sets the standard in aerial inspection. With
         an intuitive touch screen user interface and autonomous intelligence, SkyRanger
         enables you to be in control of a professional quality aerial inspection. The
         Aeryon SkyRanger provides reliable flight performance even in demanding
         weather conditions."

Endurance                        Up to 50-minute flight time (with payload)
Wind tolerance                   +40 mph
Environmental temperature range  -22 - 122°F (-30 - 50°C)
Launch & recovery method         Vertical Take-Off and Landing (VTOL)
Dimensions                       Deployed: 40 in. Diameter, 9.3 in. Height
Weight (without payload):        5.3 lbs
Radio frequencies:               900 MHz, 2.4 GHz, 5.8 GHz

Note: Aeryon Sky Ranger Manufacturers Users Guide available upon request.

Dow Should be Authorized to Operate sUAS to Inspect its Facilities in
the United States

    1. Dow proposes to directly operate sUAS by Dow employees and contractors only
         for the benefit of Dow and its wholly-owned subsidiaries at Dow's Facilities.
         Dow shall not provide any sUAS services for compensation or hire.

This Exemption Request Is for Use of sUAS Subject to Extensive
Operational and Safety Requirements

    1. Safety
             a. The sUAS PIC shall possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a
                  current third-class medical certificate.
                       i. The PIC shall also meet the flight review requirements specified in
                           14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on their
                           pilot certificate.

                                                                                                           6
        ii. The PIC shall be trained in the operation of the specific Make and
             Model of the sUAS being piloted.

        iii. The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
             consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a minimum of 200 flight
             cycles and 25 hours of total time as a sUAS rotorcraft pilot and at
             least ten hours logged as a sUAS pilot with a similar sUAS type
             (multirotor). Prior documented flight experience that was obtained
             in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this
             requirement.

        iv. The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
             consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a minimum of five hours as
             sUAS pilot operating the make and model of sUAS to be utilized
             for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and three
             landings in the preceding 90 days.

         v. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be
             conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish the
             required flight cycles and flight time.
                  1. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
                      flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are
                      considered non-participants, and the PIC must operate the
                      sUAS with appropriate distance from non-participants in
                      accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

b. The PIC and Safety Observer (SO) will be designated before each flight

         i. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS PIC
             and the SO.

c. The PIC and SO will always be within visual line of sight (VLOS) of each
    other and in direct verbal communication at all times.

d. Safety Briefings will be conducted before each day's activities to include,
    but not limited to:

         i. Designated roles of PIC and SO

        ii. Risk Management and Mitigation

        iii. Prior to the sUAS flight(s), a team comprised of the PIC,
             Environmental, Health & Safety (EH&S), and Process Safety from
             the Dow facility will visually inspect the flight path and
             surrounding area and equipment to identify potential concerns. A

                                                                                             7
                      sUAS safety checklist will be completed by the review team to
                      ensure all areas of concern have been identified and addressed. A
                      flight will NOT be conducted if a concern cannot be resolved.

                 iv. On the day of the flight a Dow safe work permit will be issued by
                      Dow Production Operations within the facility where sUAS
                      activities will be conducted. Work permits will only be issued if it
                      is determined the sUAS operation can be conducted safely within
                      the facility.

2. SUAS Specifications and Design:

         a. All sUAS flown under this exemption shall be less than 55 pounds
             including aircraft and payload. This exemption requests permission only
             with respect to the specific use of the Aeryon SkyRanger, which weighs
             less than 10 pounds including payload.

         b. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the sUAS
             shall comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or
             other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

         c. Maximum speed shall be no more than 50 knots.

         d. The sUAS shall be equipped with Inertial Navigation Sensor(s)
             (IRS/IRU/Accelerometer).

         e. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Compass (Magnetometer/Heading
             Source).

         f. The sUAS shall be equipped with a Global Positioning System (GPS)
             guidance system.

         g. The sUAS shall be designed, should it lose communications or lose its
             GPS signal, to return to a pre-determined location within the security
             perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance with Dow's sUAS
             Operations Manual.

                                                                                                       8
3. Maintenance

         a. SUAS shall be maintained in accordance with the manufacturer's
             recommendations.

         b. Dow will document and maintain a record of the sUAS maintenance,
              preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
              component parts, and the total time in service of the sUAS.

         c. Dow shall comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins or equivalent
              pertaining to their sUAS.

         d. Dow will maintain the sUAS under a Licensed Airframe and Powerplant
              technician's direction.

         e. The PIC shall perform a preflight inspection of the sUAS, controller, and
             ground control station prior to each flight to ensure it is operational with
             no discrepancies. If the preflight inspection has any discrepancies that
             may affect a safe operation, repairs or maintenance shall be performed
             prior to flight. The sUAS will only be operated if it is free of all
             discrepancies.

         f. Maintenance or repairs that may affect the sUAS operation or flight
             characteristics shall undergo a test flight in accordance with Dow's sUAS
             Operations Manual. This test flight shall be recorded in the sUAS's
             records. If the test flight is completed successfully, the sUAS will be
             returned to service by the PIC.

         g. Dow shall follow the manufacturer's sUAS maintenance, overhaul,
             replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. When not provided
             by the manufacturer, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul,
             replacement, and inspection/maintenance requirements shall be
             established and included in Dow's sUAS Operations Manual. At a
             minimum, the following shall be included:

                  i. Actuators / Servos
                  ii. Powerplant(s) (motors)
                 iii. Propellers
                 iv. Electronic speed controller(s)
                  v. Batteries
                 vi. Remote controllers and Ground control station

                                                                                                       9
         h. All sUAS shall be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with
              14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in accordance
              with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C, except with respect to the size of the
              markings. Markings shall be as large as practicable.

4. Permissions and Permitting

         a. All required permissions and permits shall be obtained from territorial,
             state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, or
             other appropriate governmental agencies.

         b. At least three days before a scheduled operational flight, Dow shall submit
             a written Plan of Activities to the local flight standards district office
             (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of the proposed flight. The 3-day
             notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO.

                  i. The plan of activities shall include at least the following:

                           1. Dates and times for all requested flights
                           2. Name and phone number of Dow sUAS Flight Operations
                           3. Name and phone number of the PIC responsible for the on-

                               scene operation of the sUAS
                           4. Make, model, and serial or N-number of sUAS to be used
                           5. Name and certificate number of sUAS PICs involved in the

                               flight
                           6. A statement from Dow that it will be operating on its own

                               property where the flight will be conducted; the list of those
                               who gave permission shall be made available to the
                               inspector upon request.
                           7. Signature of exemption-holder or representative
                           8. A description of the flight activity, including maps or
                               diagrams of any area over which flights will be conducted,
                               the relationship of that area to any nearby city, town, etc.,
                               and the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation

         c. Documents required under 14 CFR § 91.9 and § 91.203 shall be readily
             available to the PIC any time the aircraft is in operation. These documents
             shall be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
             official upon request.

         d. Dow shall obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
             Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under

                                                                                                     10
             this grant of exemption. (For clarity, we are not referring to the type of
             COA that the FAA has previously issued ­ as noted above ­ to allow
             research flights at two Dow locations. Rather, we are referring to a type of
             authorization that is required when operating within a specified distance of
             an airport. Dow shall also request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more
             than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

         e. Dow shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and
             ensure that only consenting persons be allowed within 200 feet of the
             "Safe Zone".

5. Operations

         a. The sUAS shall not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written
             approval from the FAA. The sUAS shall not operate within 5 nautical
             miles of the geographic center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a
             current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with
             that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
             accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. This letter
             of agreement with the airport management shall be made available to the
             Administrator upon request.

         b. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of Dow's owned
             and operated property. Confined "Safe Zones" within those boundaries
             will be established for each flight. These zones will be free of unnecessary
             hazards or risks and non-participating personnel.

                  i. The sUAS shall only operate within a pre-defined "Safe Zone" that
                      shall be thoroughly inspected by the PIC for buildings, overhangs,
                      obstacles, wires, poles, people, vehicles, sun angle, shadows, glare,
                      reflective surfaces, clouds, smoke, and terrain among other
                      potential hazards.

                  ii. The PIC and SO shall have current Dow specific safety training for
                      the area in which sUAS operations will take place.

         c. Flights shall be conducted under day visual meteorological conditions
             (VMC).

                   i. In addition, the sUAS shall not be operated less than 500 feet below
                       or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is
                       less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

                                                                                                     11
         ii. sUAS operations shall not be conducted during night, as defined in 14
              CFR § 1.1.

        iii. Flights shall not be conducted under special visual flight rules
             (SVFR).

d. Flights shall be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
    ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in Dow's
    sUAS Operations Manual.

e. The PIC shall be prohibited from operating the sUAS from any moving
    device or vehicle.

f. The sUAS shall be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC.

         i. The PIC shall maintain VLOS without the aid of telescopes,
             cameras or other devices.

        ii. The PIC will maintain VLOS with their own vision, which
             includes the use of eyeglasses or corrective lenses as specified on
             the PIC's medical certificate.

g. The sUAS shall remain clear and yield the right of way to manned
    operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to,
    ultralight vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders,
    etc.).

h. Dow will require the PIC and Safety Observer (SO) to have successfully
    completed a qualification process, as outlined in the Dow sUAS
    Operator's Manual.

i. The PIC's primary responsibility while in flight is the safe operation of the
    sUAS.

                                                                                            12
    6. Flight Time
              a. Each sUAS operation shall be completed within 30 minutes flight time or
                  with 25% battery power remaining, whichever occurs first.

Sincerely,

Thomas L. Mounger
Director of Operations/Chief Pilot
The Dow Chemical Company
References available upon request:

         Aeryon SkyRanger Manufacturers User Guide
Included:

         Exhibit A ­ Regulation for which exemptions are requested
         Exhibit B ­ Dow Chemical Operations Manual (UAS)/Inspection Program

                                                                                                          13
Exhibit A

Regulations for Which Exemptions are Requested

1. Unless otherwise requesting an exemption, Dow, the PIC, the SO, and the sUAS shall
    comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47,
    61, and 91.

2. Dow is requesting exemptions from the following Federal Aviation Regulations to
    the extent necessary to enable the requested sUAS operations for the reasons
    detailed below.

Relief sought by Dow (14 CFR)  Dow Reasoning

Part 21                        Stated Below
61.113(a) and (b)              Stated Below
91.103                         Stated Below
91.119(c)                      Stated Below
91.121                         Stated Below
91.151(a)(1)                   Stated Below
91.405(a)                      Stated Below
91.407(a)(1)                   Stated Below
91.409(a)(1) and (2)           Stated Below
91.417(a) and (b)              Stated Below

14 CFR Part 21 ­ Requirements to Secure Airworthiness Certificates

    1. Certificate exemptions should be given because size, weight, and operation areas
         of the sUAS meet the level of safety necessary for exemption under Section 333
         of the Reform Act.

    2. FAA has the authority to exempt aircraft from airworthiness certificate
         requirements under the Act (49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the
         Reform Act.

14 CFR § 61.113 (a) and (b) ­ Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot
in Command

                                                                                                          14
    1. Due to the fact that there are no standards for private or commercial sUAS
         operations, Dow requests to utilize at least private pilots with third class medicals
         in support of its own operations on its own property.

    2. Knowledge of flight characteristics and the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs),
         along with the ability to physically manipulate the controls of the sUAS are the
         critical aspects of the requested operation. Dow feels this can be accomplished
         with a private pilot that has specific training on the sUAS operated in accordance
         with the Dow sUAS Operations Manual, and has satisfactorily completed the
         required training.

    3. The risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the
         level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when
         drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as
         the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) &
         (b).

    4. Equivalent or better safety levels can be achieved as there will be no human
         beings on board the sUAS and the sUAS will be operated to mitigate risks on the
         air and on the ground.

    5. FAA has authority to waive pilot requirements for commercial operations under
         49 U.S.C §44701(f).

14 CFR § 91.103 ­ Preflight Action

    1. The PIC shall perform a preflight inspection in accordance with the manufacturers
         recommendations and the Dow sUAS Operations Manual of the sUAS, the
         controller, and ground control station prior to each flight to ensure it is free of all
         discrepancies.

    2. Equivalent safety levels will be met through preparation and compliance
         according to Dow's sUAS Operations Manual; including but not limited to,
         weather reports and forecasts, battery requirements, alternatives available if the
         planned flight cannot be completed, and other reliable information appropriate to
         the aircraft, relating to aircraft performance under expected values of airport
         elevation and runway slope, aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

                                                                                                          15
14 CFR 91.119(c) ­ Requirements for Minimum Safe Altitudes for Civil
Aircraft Operation

    1. The sUAS will be operated only within Dow owned and operated facilities below
         400 feet AGL.

    2. Dow shall obtain the consent of all persons involved in the operation and ensure
         that only consenting persons be allowed within 200 feet of the "Safe Zone."

    3. The sUAS will only operate within the lateral boundaries of Dow's owned and
         operated property. Confined "Safe Zones" within those boundaries will be
         established for each flight. These zones will be free of unnecessary hazards or
         risks and non-participating personnel.

    4. Given the size, weight, speed, material, and operation of the sUAS, equivalent
         levels of safety will be achieved.

14 CFR 91.121 ­ Altimeter Settings

    1. SUAS may not have a barometric altimeter, and may use a GPS altitude read out
         indication instead, so an exemption may be needed.

    2. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator as the sUAS uses AGL
         height from its initialization (launch) point, cross-referenced with Mean Sea Level
         (MSL) altitude of the launch point.

CFR 91.151 (a)(1) ­ Fuel Requirements for Flights in VFR Conditions

    1. As the sUAS is capable of approximately 50 minutes of flight time, an exemption
         will be necessary.

    2. As the sUAS is flown within Dow owned and operated facilities below 400 feet AGL
         under controlled conditions as defined by the Dow sUAS Operations Manual, we feel
         an equivalent level of safety can be obtained by terminating the flight prior to 30
         minutes or 25% battery power, whichever occurs first.

    3. Dow feels an adequate reserve is provided at 25% battery power which will allow for
         approximately 12 minutes of flight which is more than sufficient to land the
         aircraft safely within the "Safe Zone."

                                                                                                          16
    4. The Aeryon SkyRanger has a second level of safety that is achieved through the
         use of an aircraft battery monitoring system. The aircraft system will alert the
         operator of low battery voltage and return the aircraft to its take off location
         before battery capacity is depleted.

    5. Dow will not operate sUAS at night.

    6. Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions
         2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808. Given the small size and operational purposes of
         the sUAS, it does not bear the same risks associated with this section's
         requirements.

    7. FAA has previously issued exemptions for fuel requirements in VFR conditions;
         exemption numbers 10808, 2689F, 5745, & 10673.

14 CFR 91.405 (a) Maintenance Required

    1. This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
         therefore these sections will not apply.

    2. Maintenance will be accomplished by Dow pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

    3. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be
         successfully accomplished by trained personnel under a Licensed Airframe and
         Powerplant technician's direction.

    4. The sUAS shall be discrepancy free prior to initiating flight. This is more
         stringent than the standards for manned aircraft. FAA's regulations for manned
         aircraft allow possible flight despite certain minor discrepancies that do not
         impair safety.

    5. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely within the "Safe Zone."

    6. Dow shall be the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
         aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

    7. The Dow sUAS Operations Manual details how to log scheduled and unscheduled
         maintenance or test flights that are performed.

                                                                                                          17
    8. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in
         size and will and shall fly only above Dow owned and operated facilities below
         400 feet AGL.

14 CFR 407 (a) (1) ­ Operation After Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance,
Rebuilding, or Alteration

    1. This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
         therefore these sections will not apply. In the absence of regulatory provisions
         dealing with sUAS operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance
         rebuilding or alteration, Dow has developed requirements to address this topic.
         Those requirements are stated in Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

    2. Maintenance will be accomplished by Dow pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

    3. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be
         successfully accomplished by trained personnel under a Licensed Airframe and
         Powerplant technician's direction.

    4. The sUAS shall be discrepancy free prior to initiating flight.

    5. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely within the "Safe Zone."

    6. Dow shall be the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
         aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

    7. The Dow sUAS Operations Manual details how to log scheduled and unscheduled
         maintenance or test flights that are performed.

    8. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in
         size and will and shall fly only above Dow owned and operated facilities below
         400 feet AGL.

14 CFR 409 (a) (1) and (2) - Inspections.

    1. This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
         therefore these sections will not apply. In the absence of regulatory provisions

                                                                                                          18
    dealing with sUAS inspections, Dow has developed requirements to address this
    topic. Those requirements are stated in Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

2. Maintenance will be accomplished by Dow pursuant to the manufacturer's
    recommendations and Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

3. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be
    successfully accomplished by trained personnel under a Licensed Airframe and
    Powerplant technician's direction.

4. The sUAS shall be discrepancy free prior to initiating flight.

5. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely within the "Safe Zone."

6. Dow shall be the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
    aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

7. The Dow sUAS Operations Manual details how to log scheduled and unscheduled
    maintenance or test flights that are performed.

8. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in
    size and will and shall fly only above Dow owned and operated facilities below
    400 feet AGL.

14 CFR 417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance Records.

1. This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
    therefore these sections will not apply. In the absence of regulatory provisions
    dealing with sUAS maintenance records, Dow has developed requirements to
    address this topic. Those requirements are stated in Dow's sUAS Operations
    Manual.

2. Maintenance will be accomplished by Dow pursuant to the manufacturer's
    recommendations and Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

3. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be

    successfully accomplished by trained personnel under a Licensed Airframe and
    Powerplant technician's direction.

4. The sUAS shall be discrepancy free prior to initiating flight.

                                                                                       19
    5. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely within the "Safe Zone."

    6. Dow shall be the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
         aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

    7. The Dow sUAS Operations Manual details how to log scheduled and unscheduled
         maintenance or test flights that are performed.

    8. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in
         size and will and shall fly only above Dow owned and operated facilities below
         400 feet AGL.

§91.417 Maintenance Records.

    1. This section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
         therefore these sections will not apply. In the absence of regulatory provisions
         dealing with sUAS maintenance records, Dow has developed requirements to
         address this topic. Those requirements are stated in Dow's sUAS Operations
         Manual.

    2. Maintenance will be accomplished by Dow pursuant to the manufacturer's
         recommendations and Dow's sUAS Operations Manual.

    3. Maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, and alteration will be
         successfully accomplished by trained personnel under a Licensed Airframe and
         Powerplant technician's direction.

    4. The sUAS shall be discrepancy free prior to initiating flight.

    5. If a mechanical issue arises the sUAS can land safely within the "Safe Zone."

    6. Dow shall be the most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
         aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

    7. The Dow sUAS Operations Manual details how to log scheduled and unscheduled
         maintenance or test flights that are performed.

    8. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these sUAS are limited in
         size and will and shall fly only above Dow owned and operated facilities below
         400 feet AGL.

                                                                                                          20
Other Regulatory Provisions.

Dow has noticed that other petitions have requested exemption from a wide variety of
additional regulations, as to which the FAA has concluded that the request was not
needed. In light of this, Dow has refrained from requesting exemption from provisions
that we believe the Agency will say simply do not apply. Examples include:

     Requirements for lights. (Dow's sUAS flights will occur only in daylight.)
     Requirements for safety belts, shoulder harnesses and child restraint systems.
     Requirements relating to emergency exits.
     Requirements relating to safety instructions for passengers.
     Requirements for dual controls.
     Requirements to place markings in several locations on the aircraft.
     Requirements for the flight manual to be on board the aircraft.
     Requirements for the aircraft to physically "carry" and "display" documents

         showing certification and registration.

If Dow has judged incorrectly and the FAA believes that exemption from additional
regulations is necessary for Dow's proposed sUAS operations, Dow would be happy to
modify this application in response to feedback from the Agency.

Additionally, there are a number of regulatory provisions that will not apply to Dow's
proposed sUAS operations, but Dow is not requesting exemption. This is because, if the
regulations ever did apply (which Dow believes will never happen), Dow would comply
with these provisions. Examples include:

     Requirements relating to flights over the Atlantic Ocean.
     Requirements relating to flights over Cuba.
     Requirements relating to flights in restricted airspace, such as that associated with

         military facilities.

If the FAA feels that Dow should mention such regulations more specifically in this
application, we would be happy to do so.

                                                                                                          21
