May 5, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11490
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0307

Ms. Carol Goasin
Counsel for The Travelers Companies, Inc.
Steptoe & Johnson LLP
1330 Connecticut Avenue, NW
Washington, DC 20036

Dear Ms. Goasin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of The Travelers Companies, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct operations in support of its catastrophe response strategy.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the 3DR IRIS+ and DJI Phantom 2.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, The Travelers Companies, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, The Travelers Companies, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DRobotics IRIS+
    and DJI Phantom 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
    operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
    exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
                                                                                                            4

    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
                                                                                                            5

    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
                                                                                                               6

       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
                                                                                                                 7

         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Carol R. Gosain              Patrick C. Gee
                             Sr. Vice President Personal Insurance Claim
202 429 6461                 The Travelers Companies, Inc.
                             One Tower Square, 4MS
cgosain@steptoe.com          Hartford, CT 06183
1330 Connecticut Avenue, NW  860-277-7660 TEL
Washington, DC 20036-1795    866-697-5592 FAX
202 429 3000 main
www.steptoe.com

                                                                                 February 6, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Avenue, S.E.
Room W12-140
Washington, D.C. 20590

Re: Travelers Request for Exemptions Pursuant to FMRA Section 333 and Part 11 of
         the FARs to Use Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems in Support of Catastrophe
         Response

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, The Travelers Companies, Inc. ("Travelers")1 hereby petitions for
exemptions from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") and any other rules necessary
to allow operation of small unmanned aircraft systems ("UAS") under the conditions set forth in
this petition. FMRA Section 333 grants the FAA authority to allow the operation of certain UAS
within the national airspace. Travelers requests authorization to conduct small UAS operations in
support of its catastrophe response strategy. As explained below, operations under the requested
exemptions will be conducted under strict operating requirements and conditions to ensure
safety.

         Travelers is one of the country's largest insurance companies, providing commercial and
personal property and casualty insurance products to its customers. The company's diverse
business lines offer its global customers a wide range of coverage sold primarily through
independent agents and brokers. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Travelers
has more than 30,000 employees and 13,000 independent agents. The company generated
revenues of $26 billion in 2013. Founded in 1853, as one of the oldest insurance companies in
the United States, Travelers has continuously kept up with developing technologies in the
insurance marketplace. Travelers is committed to keeping pace with the ever-changing needs of

         1Travelers is filing this petition on behalf of itself and all of its respective parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors and assigns.

                                                               1
our customers, for instance by offering the first-ever space travel policy and hybrid car discount.
The use of UAS will allow Travelers to further advance innovative technologies to benefit its
policyholders and the general public.

I. Types of Operation: Request to Use UAS for Survey and Inspection of Damage to Private
         Property following Catastrophic Events

         Travelers seeks an exemption to allow use of UAS during and after natural disasters.
Travelers would like to integrate UAS technology into its catastrophe response strategy. There
may be many opportunities for UAS technology to be deployed to improve the overall speed and
efficiency of our catastrophe response model and, accordingly, provide assistance to our
customers during times of great need. Further, there are likely to be public safety benefits to
deployment of UAS during catastrophes where access is otherwise unavailable by foot, but UAS
can provide data remotely. This information could be utilized for response planning and shared
with first responders, local authorities and appropriate industry experts to the benefit of the
community at large. By comparison, a test site could never provide the real-world operating
conditions of a natural disaster site. Travelers, therefore, requests the FAA to grant an
authorization for UAS operations during and following a natural disaster.

         Travelers will limit any risk to the public by strictly following its Manual2 and complying
with all conditions, limitations, and operating parameters contained in the FAA's order granting
an exemption. Travelers will also follow all instructions from the FAA and the official-in-charge
at the scene of an emergency response following a natural disaster. Travelers will coordinate
with all relevant parties, including first responders and the FAA, to ensure that its UAS
operations are conducted safely and without hindering public safety efforts. Travelers' UAS
operations will cease immediately at the direction of relevant officials. Further, its UAS
operations will be conducted with notice to manned aircraft and will at all times yield the right of
way to such aircraft.

         Travelers proposes the following process for obtaining access to a disaster. When a
catastrophe is expected to occur or has recently occurred, Travelers will contact the UAS
Integration Office, the pertinent Flight Standards District Office, local Air Traffic Control
Facilities, and the official-in-charge of on-scene emergency response activities, or whomever the
FAA designates in the grant. Travelers will give the applicable authorities a copy of its grant and
information about the operating area, UAS, and flight activities to be conducted. The UAS

         2 Travelers is submitting its Unmanned Aircraft System Operating Procedures, Safety
Code and Training Syllabus ("Manual") to FAA confidentially with a request for confidential
treatment pursuant to 14 CFR Section 11.35(b). The Manual contains confidential, proprietary
and commercially sensitive information that has not been made available to the public and that is
protected under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552, et seq.

                                                        -2-
Integration Office will give Travelers permission to conduct flight operations subject to the
conditions and limitations in the grant. Travelers will coordinate with both the FAA and the
officials in charge of on-scene emergency response activities prior to conducting its UAS
operations during or immediately following a catastrophe. Travelers will take direction from the
FAA and the officials in charge of on-scene emergency response activities as to the location,
duration and real-time coordination of its operations.

         With these controls and limitations, Travelers believes such operations can be safely
conducted to avoid any risk to first responders, other aircraft and persons and property on the
ground.

II. Pilot Requirements

         Travelers would like to partner with the FAA to design a pilot certification program that
focuses on the skills, knowledge and expertise required to operate small UAS of the type
Travelers intends to operate, i.e., 5.5 lbs. or less. Travelers intends to work with an on-staff
commercially licensed pilot to design and implement a practical, hands­on training program
focused on operation of small lightweight UAS. While there may be some overlap in
knowledge and skill associated with traditional private or commercial certification requirements,
Travelers believes that its pilots and the public would be better served by a training regimen that
is specifically designed to certify the safe operation of small UAS. Further, Travelers believes
that there is a significant difference between small UAS of the type it plans to operate, i.e.,
under5.5 pounds, and heavier unmanned aircraft still considered "small" by the FAA, i.e., up to
55 pounds. The program Travelers intends to design will be tailored to address the safety
concerns specific to very lightweight UAS, which -- at 4.4 or 5.4 lbs. -- pose little to no risk to
the national airspace and neighboring persons or property.

         Travelers will be submitting a training program designed by an on-staff commercially
certificated pilot that has an extensive security background as well as considerable experience
with UAS, rotary winged and fixed winged aircraft.3 Travelers would like to partner with the
FAA to improve and refine the training to fully address all necessary skill and safety
requirements that make sense for piloting small, lightweight UAS. While the program is still
under development, Travelers will require each pilot to: (a) successfully complete training that
combines the aspects of private pilot ground school that are relevant to small UAS with hands-
on small UAS training; (b) pass a certification examination designed for small UAS operators;

         3 Travelers is submitting the resume of its on-staff commercially certificated pilot to FAA
confidentially with a request for confidential treatment. The resume contains confidential
personal information that has not been made available to the public and that is protected under
the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 552, et seq.

                                                        -3-
(c) have accumulated and logged at least 10 hours total time as a UAS pilot, including at least 5
hours logged as a UAS pilot operating the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations
under this exemption; (d) certify that he or she has no medical defect that would make him or her
unable to pilot a small UAS in a safe manner;4 and (e) clear a criminal background check and
drug test. All pilot certification training will take place under the direct supervision and control
of a person holding an FAA commercial or private pilot certificate.5

III. Public Interest Benefits

         UAS technology would be particularly helpful following a natural disaster, when it may
be more dangerous and time consuming to reach our policyholders via ground operations.
Allowing Travelers to conduct real-world testing is the next step toward realizing the consumer
benefits of using UAS in the insurance industry during the aftermath of a catastrophe. These
flights will take place amid conditions that would be impossible to create at any test site. UAS
operations at an actual disaster site will provide a wide range of aftermath conditions to test real-
time coordination techniques, flight planning, and flight operations for Travelers' UAS and its
operators. In addition to providing faster, more effective service to its customers, Travelers'
UAS operations in actual disaster conditions may also speed overall post-disaster relief
assessments if this data is shared with first responders, local authorities, and others, thereby
allowing manned ground and aviation assets to do more vital tasks.

IV. Operating Parameters, Operations, Inspection and Maintenance Manual

         A. Operating Parameters

         Travelers agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions when
conducting UAS operations during and after a catastrophe. The proposed operating limitations

         4 FAR 61.23 permits piloting of gliders and balloons without a medical certificate.
Travelers operations would pose less threat to national airspace or neighboring persons or
property than gliders and balloons, which are heavier and operated at higher altitudes.

         5 Travelers recognizes that the FAA has concluded that it does not have the authority to
grant an exemption from the statutory requirement in 49 U.S.C. § 44711 that a pilot must hold an
airman certificate. Travelers' proposal does not require an exemption since it contemplates that
the FAA, partnering with Travelers, would develop a pilot certificate applicable specifically to
operators of very small, lightweight unmanned aircraft. Moreover, Travelers respectfully
submits that FAA does in fact have the authority to exempt persons from the airman certificate
requirement and requests that FAA reconsider its decision in this regard. Section 44701(f)
authorizes FAA to grant exemptions from "a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any of sections 44702­44716 of this title if the
Administrator finds the exemption is in the public interest." Section 44711 is included within the
sections from which FAA may grant an exemption.

                                                        -4-
describe how Travelers UAS operations will be safely conducted to minimize risk to the national
airspace or to persons and property on the ground:

1. Procedure for Gaining Access to Catastrophe Area

         a. Travelers will contact the UAS Integration Office, the pertinent Flight Standards
                  District Office, local Air Traffic Control Facilities, and the official-in-charge of
                  on-scene emergency response activities (or whomever FAA designates in the
                  order granting exemption) to request "activation" of its authority to conduct
                  operations at the specified disaster location.

         b. Travelers will provide the applicable authorities:

                 1. A copy of the FAA order granting the exemption;

                 2. Dates and times for all flights;

                 3. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS;

                 4. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS and the person
                          responsible for on-site operations;

                 5. Name of pilot(s);

                 6. Signature of exemption holder or representative;

                 7. Description of flight activities, including maps/diagrams of operating areas
                          and altitudes. Operations will be limited to the authorized areas.

2. Before and during operations, Travelers will coordinate with FAA and the on-scene
         commander.

3. Operations will cease immediately at the request of on-scene officials. Travelers will
         vacate the area if so requested.

4. To the extent there are people on the ground, operations will be conducted as far as
         practicable from non-participating persons.

5. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and
         activities at all times.

6. Travelers will request a NOTAM as early as practicable prior to operations to alert other
         users of the airspace about the UAS operations.

                                                        -5-
7. The operations will be conducted using a 3DR IRIS+ aircraft, which is a small UAS weighing
approximately 4.4 pounds with payload, or a DJI Phantom 2 aircraft, which is a small UAS weighing
approximately 5.4 pounds with payload.6

8. Flights will be operated at all times within visual line of sight of a pilot unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses.

9. The UAS will not carry persons, explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels.

10. The UAS will not be flown at ground speeds exceeding 15 knots.

11. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve.

12. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet AGL.

13. Prior to each flight, the pilot must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed, and the UAS is found to
be in a condition for safe flight. The ground control station must be included in the preflight inspection.
All maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

14. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight in
accordance with Travelers' Manual. The pilot who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry
in the UAS aircraft records of the flight.

15. The preflight inspection section in the Manual includes the requirement that the preflight
inspection must account for all discrepancies, i.e., inoperable components, items or equipment, etc.

16. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection and life limit requirements.

17. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections and recordkeeping requirements in
accordance with the Manual. Maintenance, inspection and alterations must be noted in the aircraft
records, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished and the signature of the authorized
person returning the UAS to service.

18. Each UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety bulletins.

19. The operator's maintenance personnel must make a record entry in the UAS logbook or
equivalent document of the corrective action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

         6 FAA is familiar with the DJI Phantom 2 aircraft and has previously granted exemptions
approving use of the DJI Phantom 2 aircraft for commercial operations. See Exemption Nos.
11138, 11153 and 11157.

                                                        -6-
20. Each flight will be operated by a pilot that has: (a) successfully completed training that combines
the aspects of private pilot ground school that are relevant to small UAS with hands-on small UAS
training; (b) passed a certification examination designed for small UAS operators; (c) accumulated and
logged at least 10 hours total time as a UAS pilot, including at least 5 hours logged as a UAS pilot
operating the make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under this exemption; (d) certified that
he or she has no medical defect that would make him or her unable to pilot a small UAS in a safe manner;7 and
(e) cleared a criminal background check and drug test.

21. Each pilot will successfully complete a small UAS pilot certification program designed and
overseen by an FAA- certificated pilot and approved by FAA. The program will focus on the skills,
knowledge and expertise required to operate small UAS of the type Travelers intends to operate, i.e.,
under 5.5 lbs. Prior to any operations for a commercial purpose, the PIC must have accumulated and
logged 10 hours total time as a UAS pilot, including at least 5 hours logged as a UAS pilot operating the
make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under this exemption. The pilot must also have
accomplished three takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days.

22. A geo-fencing perimeter will be established at a maximum ceiling of 300 feet AGL.

23. The pilot will designate a landing zone from which the UAS will take off and land.

24. The pilot will abort the flight in the event of any unpredicted obstacles or emergencies as detailed
in the Manual.

25. If the communications link or GPS signal is lost, the UAS will return to a pre-programmed
location, within the restricted area of operations, and land or be recovered in accordance with the Manual.

26. Before conducting operations, a qualified UAS pilot will demonstrate and log in a manner
consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b) the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how
the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures

27. All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC) and during
daylight hours.

28. Before operations begin under the exemption, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
and control of the UAS will comply with Federal Communications Commission requirements.

29. The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the pilot.

30. The flight operations will occur in Class G airspace except to the extent that FAA has approved
operations in Class B, C, D or E airspace. The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the

         7 FAR 61.23 permits piloting of gliders and balloons without a medical certificate.
Travelers operations would pose less threat to national airspace or neighboring persons or
property than gliders and balloons, which are heavier and operated at higher altitudes.

                                                        -7-
geographic center of an airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless an
agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with
a NOTAM. The letter of agreement with the airport management will be made available to FAA upon
request.

31. All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption will be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR Part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 14 CFR Part 45, Subpart C. Markings will be made as large as practicable.

32. The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 will be available to the pilot at the
ground control station of the UAS during flight operations. These documents must be made available to
the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

33. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and activities.

34. Travelers will ensure safety to first responder aircraft and helicopter traffic. Upon notification
from manned aircraft controllers or through visual identification of manned aircraft, Travelers will
immediately suspend the UAS flight until the airspace is cleared.

35. The UAS may not be operated by the pilot from any moving device or vehicle.

36. In the event a Certificate of Authorization (COA) is required, any incident, accident, or
flight operation that transgresses the boundaries of the operating area as defined by the
applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office within 24 hours.
Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) in accordance
with federal regulations.

37. The operator will comply with the operating, inspection, maintenance and recordkeeping
procedures set forth in the Manual.

         B. Operations and Training Manuals

         Travelers will follow the operating procedures set forth in the Manual that is submitted in support
of this petition. The Manual will be maintained and will be made available to FAA upon request.
Travelers also anticipates partnering with the FAA to design and implement an acceptable small UAS
pilot training curriculum, which will supplement this petition.

         C. Inspection and Maintenance

         Travelers will follow the procedures set forth in the Inspection and Maintenance sections of the
Manual that is submitted in support of this petition. The Manual will be maintained and will be made
available to FAA upon request.

                                                        -8-
V. The Aircraft

         Travelers proposes to conduct UAS operations using the 3DR IRIS+ and DJI Phantom 2.
Without payload, the 3 DR IRIS+ has a weight of 1,282 grams (2.8 pounds) and a range of 300 meters.
Its maximum flight time is 22 minutes. Without payload, the DJI Phantom has a weight of 1,160 grams
(2.56 pounds) and a range of 300 meters. Its maximum flight time is 25 minutes.

Specifications include:

SPECS                    3 DR IRIS+                DJI Phantom 2

Length x Width x Height  24.5" x 19.5" x 12"       17" x 8.1" x 12.5"

Weight w/o camera        1,282 grams (2.8 pounds)  1,160 grams (2.56 pounds)

Weight with camera       1,996 grams (4.4 pounds)  2,460 grams (5.4 pounds)

         Any UAS used by Travelers will include, at a minimum: geo-fencing at a maximum ceiling of
300 feet AGL and within the boundaries of the designed operating areas, flight programming capabilities,
and a flight termination system. If the UAS loses communications or its GPS signal, it will return to a
pre-determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with
the Manual. The UAS will carry a camera and will weigh approximately 4.4 or 5.4 pounds, depending on
type, and will operate at speeds of no more than 15 knots. Operations will occur only during daylight
hours. The UAS will have markings identifying the serial number and identification number (N-number)
as large as practicable. UAS operations will comply with the manufacturer's manual and safety bulletins.

VI. FAA Has Authority Under FMRA Section 333 to Grant the Requested Exemptions

         Grant of this request for exemptions will promote Congress' goal in enacting Section 333 of the
FMRA. Section 333 directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UAS may operate
safely in the national airspace before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the
FMRA. The Secretary is required to determine the kinds of UAS operations that do not create a hazard to
users of the national airspace or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of the UAS' size,
weight, speed, operational capability and areas of operation and whether the operations will occur within
the visual line of sight of the operator.8 Section 333 reflects Congressional intent that FAA will grant
exemptions to allow small UAS operations under conditions that ensure safety, like those proposed in this
petition.

         In addition, the Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft (as that term is defined under §
40101 of the Act, which includes UAS) from the requirement that all such aircraft must have a current

         8 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L. No. 112-95, 126 Stat. 75-
76 (codified as a Note to 49 U.S.C § 40101).

                                                        -9-
airworthiness certificate and granting exemptions from the pilot certification requirements. The
Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under§§ 44701(a) or
(b) or in §§ 44702-44716 of the Act if the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest.9

VII. Application Information

         A. Applicant Information

The name and address of the applicant are:

The Travelers Companies, Inc.
Patrick C. Gee
Senior Vice President Personal Insurance Claim
One Tower Square
Hartford, CT 06183
pgee@travelers.com
(860) 277-7660

         B. List of Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested

14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 61.133(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.7(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.119(b) and (c);
14 C.F.R. §91.121;
14 C.F.R. §91.151(a);
14 C.F.R. §91.405(a);
14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)(1);
14 C.F.R. §§91.409(a)(1) and (2);
14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b).

         C. Federal Register Summary

Petitioner: The Travelers Companies, Inc.

Affected regulations: 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 61.133(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a); 14
C.F.R. § 91.119(b) and (c); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. §
91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b).

Description: Petitioner seeks an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 14
C.F.R. § 61.133(a); 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b) and (c); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. §
91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2); 14 C.F.R.
§§ 91.417(a) and (b) to use small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) in order to conduct small UAS

         9 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f); see also 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a); 49 U.S.C. § 44704; 14
C.F.R. § 91.203(a)(l).

                                                       - 10 -
operations related to its insurance business, including (but not limited to) roof inspections, underwriting,
risk assessment, risk control, accident reconstruction, catastrophe response and small UAS pilot training
and development.

VIII. Exemptions Sought by Petitioner

         Travelers requests exemptions from the following regulations to the extent necessary to enable
the requested UAS operations for the reasons detailed below.

         A. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations; 14 C.F.R. §
                   61.133(a): Commercial pilot privileges and limitations

         Sections 61.113 (a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Section 61.133(a)
requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an aircraft for
compensation or hire. FAA has already determined that it is appropriate to exempt small UAS pilots
from the commercial pilot's license requirement in section 61.133(a) in situations analogous to those
presented by this petition. See, e.g., Exemption Nos. 11109, 11110, 11136 and 11138. However, to date,
FAA has required such operators to have a private pilot's license.

         Travelers respectfully submits that, given the characteristics of the 3DR IRIS+ and DJI Phantom
2 aircraft, the operating restrictions proposed in this petition, and Travelers' proposal to team with FAA to
develop a license applicable specifically to small UAS operators, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved without requiring Travelers' pilots to hold a private pilot's certificate or a commercial pilot's
certificate.

         The 3DR IRIS+ and DJI Phantom 2 aircraft are exceedingly small and lightweight ­ 4.4 pounds
and 5.4 pounds, respectively, with payload. They are advertised as "personal" UAS and are already
widely flown by hobbyists and other recreational flyers. They operate both autonomously and manually.
They have pre-programmable geofencing, lost-link, and lost-GPS capabilities. In the event of a loss of
the communications link or GPS, the aircraft automatically returns to a preprogrammed location. They
also have an emergency flight termination system that allows the pilot to cut off power to the aircraft, at
which time it will land. The UAS will not carry a pilot, passengers or any flammable or explosive
materials. The operating area is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in
advance as set forth in the Manual. Travelers respectfully submits that the proposed operations can
achieve an equivalent level of safety by requiring the pilot of these small, lightweight, low-altitude, low-
speed, limited range of operations UAS to be trained in a UAS-specific certification program approved by
FAA and designed and overseen by an FAA certificated pilot. The level of safety provided by the
requirements included in the Manual exceeds that provided by an individual holding a commercial pilot's
certificate and operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of these small
UAS are lower than the level of risks associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61;
allowing operation of the UAS as requested therefore exceeds the level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R.
§§ 61.113(a) and (b).

                                                       - 11 -
         B. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness

         Section 91.7(a) requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. Given the characteristics of the UAS (including their extremely small size, weight and payload
capacity, very low operating altitude, and exceedingly short flight time capability) and the stringent
operating restrictions and conditions proposed in this petition, an equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by compliance with the Manual. Travelers therefore requests FAA to grant an exemption from
Section 91.7(a) and find that the operator may ensure that the UAS are in an airworthy condition by
complying with the Manual and the proposed operating restrictions and conditions. FAA has granted
similar exemptions in Exemption Nos. 11136 and 11138.

         C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(b) and (c): Minimum safe altitudes

         Section 91.119(b) and (c) establish certain minimum altitudes for operation of civil aircraft.
Section 91.119 provides, in pertinent part, that: "except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person
may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes: ... (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested
area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet
above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. (c) Over other than
congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated
areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle,
or structure."

         Travelers requests relief from this section since the UAS flights will operate at altitudes no higher
than 300 feet AGL. Given the small size, light weight, low speeds and limited range of the UAS, and the
fact that they carry no persons or explosive or flammable materials, the UAS flights may be safely
operated at much lower altitudes than conventional aircraft. Travelers intends to restrict all of its
operations to an altitude of 100 feet and will utilize geo-fencing technology to prevent deviation. Relief
from this rule is warranted because the operations will be conducted with the safeguards and under the
operating conditions outlined herein and in the Manual. The FAA issued an exemption from Section
91.119(c) in Exemption Nos. 11136 and 11138.

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter settings

         Section 91.121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
setting available before departure." An exemption may be needed because the UAS do not have a
barometric altimeter, but instead have a GPS altitude read-out. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the
GPS altitude indicator before flight. The FAA issued an exemption to this regulation for UAS operations
in Exemption Nos. 11136 and 11138.

                                                       - 12 -
         E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

         Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day, to fly after that
for at least 30 minutes...."

         An exemption is needed because the UAS have a maximum flight time of less than 30 minutes
and thus cannot meet the 30-minute reserve requirement. Given the characteristics of the UAS, including
their small size, low weight and speed, limited range, ability to land very quickly, operation within visual
line of sight, restricted operating area, and the fact that they do not carry persons or any explosive or
flammable materials, grant of the exemption is justified. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by
terminating flights at 25% battery power reserve, which will occur before the 22 minute flight duration.
The FAA issued an exemption to this regulation for UAS operations in Exemption Nos. 11062, 10673,
11136 and 11138.

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a): Maintenance required
                   14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(l): Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
                   rebuilding or alteration
                   14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(l) and (2): Inspections
                   14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b): Maintenance records

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner (i) "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter..." and
(ii) shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. Because these sections and Part 43
apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the petitioner.
Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the manufacturer's manual and Travelers'
Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these UAS are very small in size and
weight, will carry a tiny payload and operate only in restricted areas for short periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 300
feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover,
the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide an equivalent level of safety. The FAA issued an exemption to these
regulations in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11136 and 11138.

         G. Such other relief as the FAA deems appropriate to enable the requested operations

         Travelers also requests exemption from such other FARs as the FAA deems appropriate
to enable the requested operations. If, during the effective dates of the exemption issued
pursuant to this petition, the FAA issues interim or final rules for small UAS, Travelers requests
that it be relieved of the requirements of any conditions and limitations of the exemption and
allowed to comply with any less burdensome applicable regulations that may have become
effective.

                                                       - 13 -
IX. Privacy

         The petition raises no privacy issues because, to the extent possible, Travelers will obtain
the prior consent of affected property owners. Additionally, Travelers strict privacy policies
would apply to all UAS operations.

X. National Security

         No national security issue is presented by grant of this exemption. Given that the UAS
are exceedingly small and lightweight, have lost-link and geo-fencing capabilities, will operate at
very low speeds, have an extremely low payload capacity and carry no flammable, explosive or
otherwise dangerous materials, the operations pose no threat to national security.

XI. Conclusion

         For the reasons stated above, Travelers' proposed use of UAS satisfies the criteria in
FMRA Section 333 regarding size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, operating areas,
operation within visual line of sight, and national security. Petitioner's proposed safety measures
and operating parameters provide more than adequate justification for the grant of the requested
exemptions allowing operation of UAS. Travelers therefore respectfully asks the FAA to grant
the requested exemptions, either separately or in the same grant. Please do not hesitate to contact
petitioner's outside counsel, Carol Gosain, with any questions about this filing.

Sincerely,

Carol Gosain                   Pat Gee
Steptoe & Johnson LLP
1330 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.  Patrick C. Gee
Washington, D.C. 20036         Sr. Vice President Personal Insurance Claim
(202) 429-6461                 The Travelers Companies, Inc.
cgosain@steptoe.com            One Tower Square
                               Hartford, CT 06183
                               (860) 277-7660
                               pgee@travelers.com

Attachments: Manual and additional supporting materials.
                                                       - 14 -
