April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11373
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0060

Mr. Richard Bowden Dobbins
The Dobbins Company
3827 Cliff Crest Drive
Smyrna, GA 30080

Dear Mr. Dobbins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 12, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of The Dobbins Company (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct real estate inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 and DJI Phantom 2 Vision.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, The Dobbins Company is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, The Dobbins Company is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2 and
         DJI Phantom 2 Vision when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                  THE DOBBINS COMPANY

January 12, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Federal Aviation Administration
Boo Independence Ave, SW
Washington, DC 20591

RE: Petition for Exemption from certain Title 14 CFRs in regards to Section 333 of the
FAA Modernization & Reform Act of 2012 concerning Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS)

To whom it may concern:

Good day. Per this letter of request, I seek exemption from several Title 14 CFRs that
relate to the commercial use of unmanned aerial systems (UAS). The following will be
included in this request: Name & information of Petitioner; Executive Summary of
Petitioner summarizing the rules Petitioner seeks exemption from and reasons the
exemptions would serve the public good; Specific Title 14 CFRs to which an exemption
is sought; the extent & reasons for the requested exemptions; reasons why safety would
not be compromised.

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Name  Richard Bowden Dobbins (hereafter referred to as "Petitioner")

Company The Dobbins Company

Address 3827 Cliff Crest Dr.

      Smyrna, Georgia 30080

      404-451-1595
      rick@dobbinscompany.com

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
The Petitioner was born on December 7, 1959 in Atlanta, Ga. and is a US citizen. He is
the CEO of The Dobbins Company which has been in business since 1975. The Dobbins
Company is a consulting firm whose primary clients are banks and commercial finance
companies located mainly in the southeast USA. The petitioner is a licensed private pilot
with an instrument rating. He has previously owned a 1975 Cessna Cardinal RG.
Petitioner has never been cited for any FAA violations. Since 2013, Petitioner has owned
a DJI Phantom 2 and a Phantom 2 Vision UAS. As a hobbyist, Petitioner has become
very proficient with the Phantom models \vith over 100 hours flown in type. Petitioner is
requesting an exemption from the current rules in Section 333 which govern the uses of
UASs for commercial purposes. The Petitioner seeks authorization to perform
commercial UAS operations for real estate inspections. This would include residential,
commercial and rural properties. Prospective customers and clients would include real

                  P. 0. Box 20001 · Atlanta, GA30325 · 404-352-2638
estate agents & brokers, management companies, insurance companies & vendors,
banks and private property owners.

The Title 14 CFRs exemptions that this request entails are 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7(a);
91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405; 91.407(a); 91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417(a) & (b). Reasons
for request are cited below.

PUBLIC GOOD
Aerial videography for geographical awareness and for real estate marketing and
inspections has been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and
helicopters. But for small business owners, its expense has been cost-prohibitive.
Granting this exemption to the Petitioner would allow him to provide this service at a
much lower cost. Further, the small UAS being utilized in this application will pose no
threat to the public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to
larger manned aircraft. The operation of this U AS will minimize ecological damage
and promote economic grovvth by providing information to businesses & individuals in
the metro Atlanta and north Georgia area.

DESCRIPTION OF UAV TO BE DEPLOYED UNDER REQUESTED
EXEMPTIONS
Petitioner currently owns a DJI Phantom 2 quad copter and a DJI Phantom 2 Vision
quad copter. These are virtually the same model ofUAV. The difference is in camera
capabilities and slightly different control links. The petitioner intends to use the
Phantom 2 as the primary UAV in commercial applications described herein. The
Phantom 2 is a quad copter that can take off and land vertically. It weighs approximately
3 lbs. and has a maximum airspeed of approximately 25 knots. This UAS uses lithium
polymer batteries which have approximately 20-25 minutes of total charge time. This
gives this UAS approximately 12-15 minutes of flight time with sufficient remaining
battery charge to land safely. The particular model of Phantom 2 being utilized under
this request for exemption has First Person View (FPV) which allows the PIC to visually
monitor certain telemetry data on a ground station monitor including altitude (AGL),
GPS signal strength, battery charge information, etc. This FPV also gives the PIC video
feed from the attached GoPro camera showing what images are being captured. This is a
significant safety feature as it shows the attitude of the UAS and its forvvard direction.
However, this FPV feature will never be used as a tool to deviate from VLOS operation
by the PIC.

PREFLIGHT
The petitioner will always follow procedures outlined in the UAS operator's manual as to
proper preflight inspection of all hardware, software, environment and any other factors
needed to ensure a safe flight.

                                                                                                                                                            2
FCC INFORMATION
The UAS be deployed here is a DJI Phantom 2. The control link operates on the 2-4 GHz
ISM radio frequency. Its published range is 1000 meters (3280 feet). The receiver
sensitivity is -97dBm.

PIC QUALIFICATIONS
The petitioner holds a FAA Private Pilot's License with an instrument rating. Petitioner
has over 6oo hours PIC time in a variety of Cessna and Piper aircraft with the majority
being in the 1975 Cessna 177RG he previously owned. Petitioner has mvned the UAS
described above since 2013 and has over 100 hours in this type of UAS as a hobbyist.
The petitioner envisions being the PIC in all operations that will be performed under the
requested rule exemptions and the subsequent COA request. However, if another PIC is
used for these operations, petitioner agrees that any PIC of the UAS in the envisioned
operations vvill hold at least a FAA Private pilots certificate, hold at least a 3rd class
medical certificate, have no less than 25 hours of PIC time in the UAS being deployed
before beginning any type of commercial for hire operations and conform to all safety
protocols.

DESCRIPTION OF INTENDED COMMERCIAL OPERATIONS
Petitioner intends to solicit work for aerial real estate inspections from real estate agents
& brokers, insurance companies & related vendors, banks and private property owners
to provide photography and videography of residential, commercial and rural real
estate. This work vvill always be conducted with the permission of the property owner or
their respective agent. Flight operations will be restricted to flights directly over the
property that has granted permission. Given the type of work being targeted here, the
Petitioner does not foresee any instance where the UAS would be flown over any crowds
or assemblages of people in an open air environment. If in fact any job does entail flights
over crowds, petitioner will elect not to make said flight. Safety will always be the
primary concern regarding any flight at any time.

Petitioner agrees to place a sign during any flight operation that says: CAUTION-
UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE IN OPERATION. STAY BACK 100 FEET FROM
AIRCRAFf.

UAS OPERATING PARAMETERS
TI1e UAS being deployed in these exemption request can fly at a speed of approximately
25 knots. However, given the intended use describe here, this speed will never be
necessary. Much slower speeds are preferred to collect the photographic material
needed.

Although the UAS being deployed has an apprmdmate control link distance of 3/4 mile,
this is much more than VLOS will allow. Petitioner agrees never to fly UAS outside of
VLOS.

Petitioner will only fly UAS during the day in VMC conditions. Given the petitioner
agrees to never fly higher than 300 feet AGL, distance from clouds should not be a factor
if flown in VMC conditions.

                                                                                                                   3
Petitioner agrees to use a Visual Observer (VO) during all operations. The VO will be
used to help assure VLOS at all times.

The UAS will not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA published aeronautical chart.

The UAS being deployed with these exemption requests has the capability of using GPS
signals to return to its initial point of take off if connection with the radio control link is
lost.

The petitioner agrees to yield right of way to all manned aviation activities at all times.

EXEMPTION REQUESTS
The following are a list of Title 14 CFAs which the petitioner seeks exemption. Please
note that the Petitioner has used Exemption No. 11138 to Douglas Trudeau (Regulatory
Docket No. FAA-2014-0481) as a reference. Given that the petitioner and Mr. Trudeau
intend to use the exemptions in similar manners and both use similar equipment, it
seemed prudent not to burden the reviewer in this matter with exemption requests that
have been previously deemed that relieve was not necessary. These rules are Part 21,
45.23(b). 91.9(b)(2), 91.103(b), 91.109 and 91.203(a) & (b). If the reviewer believes that
these rules need to be addressed in this request, the petitioner will make a supplemental
request including these additional rule exemptions.

RULE 61.113 PRIVATE PILOT PREVELEGES AND LIMITATIONS
The Petitioner currently holds an FAA Private Pilot Certificate -with an Instrument
Rating (a copy of this certificate is included in supplemental material as part of this
request). In addition to the certificate, Petitioner agrees to maintain a 3rd Class Medical
Certificate. However, petitioner has an eye sight problem that may cause rejection of the
medical unless addressed by rule exemption. Petitioner has what is called a unilateral
papilledema of the right eye. This is an inflammation of the right optic nerve to which
there is no cure or corrective lens solution. This causes blurriness in the right eye. The
left eye has 20/20 vision and when using both eyes, Petitioner has 20/20 long distance
sight. Corrective lens are need for reading. This sight condition has caused Petitioner to
cease operating manned aircraft. However, this condition does not affect Petitioner's
ability to operate a UAS in any way. The petitioner seeks an exemption from some
eyesight requirements for the 3rct Class medical certificate.

As to private pilot limitations concerning operations for hire or compensation, it seems
that Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus has allowed this exemption previously and was
noted in the Trudeau Exemption No. 11138.

As to airmanship skills, the Petitioner has been operating his UAS since 2013 and has
over 100 hours of flight time. Petitioner currently fly's this UAS several hours a month
as a hobby and is very proficient and has the skills to maintain altitude, maintain VLOS,
navigate, avoid obstacles, avoid air traffic and respond to loss of control link. Petitioner
understands that he must make at least 3 takeoffs and landings within a 90 day period
for currency purposes.

                                                                                                                       4
RULE 91.7(a) CIVILAIRCRAFI' AIRWORTHINESS
There is no current FAA regulatory standard for determining airworthiness of UAS and
there is no certificate currently available for UAS airworthiness. Petitioner seeks an
exemption from this rule by ensuring that the UAS is in an airworthy condition based on
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight. Flight manuals and other
important documents will be kept in a location readi1y accessible to the PIC at all times.

RULE 91.11q(c) MINIMUM SAFE ALTITUDES
91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft, but it allows helicopters
to be operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Petitioner seeks an exemption
from this rule as Petitioner will only operate the UAS in a range from ground level up to
but not exceeding 300 feet (AGL) and will only operate in safe areas away from the
public thus providing a level of safety not available to manned aircraft. The petitioner
asserts that given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of the UAS, an equivalent
or higher level of safety will be achieved that from conventional manned helicopters.

Petitioner will avoid actively populated areas. These areas vvill be interpreted to include
areas on a FVR chart depicted in yellow and will be supplemented with information
from a F1ights Standard District Office (FSDO). Petitioner intends to operate the UAS
over real estate for inspection purposes. Petitioner will not operate over any assemblage
of people in an open air environment

Per the exemption granted in No. 11138 concerning 91.119(c), Petitioner agrees to act in
strict accordance to that exemption. However, Petitioner seeks an exemption from the
rule stipulating that a UAS cannot be operated within 500 feet of a structure without
permission of the owner. Given the intended use Petitioner will use these exemptions
for, which is for photography and videography of real estate for marketing & inspection
purposes, agreement from the engaging property ovmer or their agent is an absolute
necessity. The UAS will only be flown over properties with this permission. However,
given the housing density in the Atlanta, GA area, maintaining a 500 foot distance from
other structures even while strictly flying over a permission granting owner's property is
impossible in many instances. The Petitioner seeks an exemption to this rule which
would allow a so' stand-off from other structures as long as the UAS is operated
completely over and within the property boundary lines of a permission granting
property owner. Petitioner agrees to always keep privacy rights of other property owners
in mind and will never engage a UAS in any type of surveillance or spying.

RULE 91.121 ALTIMETER SETTINGS
Petitioners' UAS has GPS derived altitude capabilities with a barometric sensor. The
petitioner believes this rule in not applicable to the UAS operations intended.

RULE 91.151(a) FUEL REQIDREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS
Petitioner seeks relief from this rule due to the UAS being deployed is battery operated
and the requirements under this rule are not applicable. The UAV in question has First
Person Vision capabilities which transmits certain telemetry to a monitor where the PIC
can monitor certain aspects of the flight including battery level. A typical battery for a

                                                                                                                  5
Phantom 2 UAS will last approximately 20-25 minutes before total exhaustion. Certain
battery level warnings are set where the PIC will know when the battery state is at 30%
and 15% remaining charge levels. This will normally allow a flight of 12 - 15 minutes
with sufficient battery charge to make a safe landing. Petitioner will never begin a flight
unless a fully charged battery is used.

RULE qt.40S(a) MAINTENANCE REQIOERD, qt.407(a) OPERATION
AFfER MAINTENANCE, PREBVENTITIVE MAINTENANCE, REBUILDING
OR ALTERATION; qt.40q(a)(2) INSPECTIONS; qt.4t7(a)(b)
MAINTENANCE RECORDS
Petitioner seeks relief from these rules due to it being an alternate inspection
requirement of 91.409(a)(2). The Petitioner will inspect and ensure UAS is in a
condition for safe flight and adhere to all operating documents.

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
The Petitioner has provided the following information to support these requests for rule
exemptions:
1) Copy of petitioners FAA Private Pilot's License, 2) Phantom 2 User Manual v.1.04, 3)
NAZA M-V2 Main Controller Quick Start Guide v.1.26 (This is the micro controller that
operates the UAS), 3) iOSD Mini User Manual (This provides telemetry data during
flight).

CLOSING
The Petitioner believes that exemption from the above listed Title 14 CFRs is warranted
given Petitioner's background as a Private Pilot, the nature of the type of UAS flights
that will be undertaken, the size & weight of the UAS being deployed, the safety
precautions to the general public and the NAS the Petitioner intends to adhere to, the
positive environmental impact the flight operations would have compared to manned
fuel consuming missions and the economic benefit the Petitioner's business would have
in this new area of aviation.

Thank you for your review of this matter. Please feel free to contact me at any time with
any questions regarding this matter.

Respec~'llly~'7/i/ed,

)I!Jrl~

Richard Bowden Dobbins

                                                                                                              6
