September 2, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12719
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2510

Mr. Thomas Walter
CEO
Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc.
606 Venice Boulevard, Suite E
Venice, CA 90291

Dear Mr. Walter:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated June 2, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and infrastructure safety inspection operations for movie
production, aerial photography; utility, railroad, pipeline, oil-field,
petro/chemical/manufacturing, construction site inspection, and agriculture inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc. is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc. is hereafter referred to
as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8
This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
June 2, 2015                                  Thomas Walter
                                              450 North Roxbury Dr
Mr. James Williams                            8th Floor HJTH
Manager, Flight Standards Service             Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Office
Federal Aviation Administration
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC 20591

U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operation
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for exemption from multiple regulatory provisions to allow the use of small
unmanned aerial systems on land controlled by clients of Thomas Johann Walter (TJW)
to assist in aerial photography and the safe evaluation of infrastructure and operations for
our clients.

Dear Mr. Williams:

Thomas Johann Walter (TJW) respectfully requests an exemption from several provisions
of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.) to permit the use of small
unmanned aerial systems (UAS) to assist in the evaluation of infrastructure and
operations for our clients. This request is motivated primarily by the desire to maximize
safety in infrastructure and operations. While an exemption would not eliminate the
current need for in-person visual inspection required by various federal regulatory
departments, it would allow TJW to broadly evaluate assets and operations with UAS
resulting in a safer and more efficient infrastructure network. Accordingly, the grant of an
exemption is consistent with Congress' intent, reflected in Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Modernization Act), 1 that safe systems be
permitted in the national airspace prior to the issuance of final regulations governing
general use of these systems.2 A summary of this request suitable for publication in the
Federal Register is provided as Appendix A.

Appendix B provides the manufacturers information regarding the design, aircraft
performance, and fail-safe features. We have provided manufacturer information related to
operating limitations, normal and emergency procedures, and maintenance and inspection
procedures. As we add aircraft designs, we will update this appendix appropriately.

Appendix C provides the Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management Operations Manual for
flights covered under this Exemption Request.

1 P.L. 112-95, 126 Stat 11, February 14, 2012.
2 Section 333(b) (2) specifically contemplates that the FAA may issue a certificate of waiver upon a finding that a type
of UAS, as a result of its size, weight, speed, operational capacity, proximity to airports and populated areas, and
operations within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to
national security.
Background Information

TJW is in the business of transportation and providing aerial photography services and
consulting UAS for our clients. TJW's Clients look to us for Safe Operations of UAS.
We have developed specific TJW Safe UAV Operational Procedures. Increasingly, we
have clients looking to operate UAS for Aerial Photography and Infrastructure
Inspections.

Areial Photography and Infrastructure Safety Inspection Operations:

         Movie Production
         Aerial Photography
         Utility Inspection Railroad Inspection Pipeline Inspection Oil-Field Inspection
         Petro/Chemical/Manufacturing Inspection
         Construction Site Inspection
         Agriculture Inspection

As part of this TJW is requesting FAA Exemption for UAS operations for safety,
inspection and video capture usage.

Regulatory Basis for Exemption Request
In addition to the waiver authority provided in §333 of the Modernization Act, the FAA
may grant an exemption under 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) if it has determined that such an
exemption is in the public interest. The FAA has imposed a separate requirement in its
procedural regulations, providing that the petitioner shall explain why granting the
exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the exemption would provide at least
an equivalent level of safety as compliance with the underlying regulation. In this case,
approval of this exemption would advance the public interest by significantly enhancing
the safety and efficiency of infrastructure operations and by providing the FAA with
valuable user experience on UAS in a context with appreciable economic and societal
benefits. As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
operation of UAS under tightly controlled conditions, thus ensuring that operations will
not have an adverse impact on safety. To the contrary, as explained below, TJW
anticipates that use of UAS will enhance safety in infrastructure operations. Granting an
Exemption is in the Public Interest. The safety and efficiency of infrastructure operations
is heavily dependent upon constant analysis of assets, right-of-way, infrastructure and
other assets/facilities. There are a wide variety of factors that can affect conditions and
cause problems for infrastructure. Even relatively small objects or minor failures can lead
to accidents or other incidents causing downtime of infrastructure. Extreme weather
events can lead to flooding or overheating infrastructure. For example earthquakes,
landslides, and abandoned vehicles at grade crossings can block infrastructure. The
potential for sabotage and terrorism ­ or even just trespassing ­ are also among the many
risks that modern infrastructure faces.

As a result, pursuant to federal regulations and company policy, our client's maintenance
employees routinely inspect the infrastructure, such as bridges, tunnels, support structures
and signals. At present, this work is done primarily by company personnel in
motor vehicles, on foot, in specialized equipment. This is often a labor-intensive and
sometimes arduous job. While our clients do all they can to make these inspections as safe
as possible, there is an irreducible element of risk involved whenever employees are
required to go out on structures. Employees may need to climb over or onto structures,
which can be slippery, rough, and/or exposed to the elements. Some structures, such as
bridges, are high above the ground. Equipment moving through inspection zones can
increase risk as well, especially in high-traffic areas. While the use of UAS for
supplemental infrastructure and general asset evaluation would not eliminate
these risks entirely (as it is an additive safety measure), it would reduce the risks to
employees by allowing for remote aerial review.

Additionally, the sheer amount of assets and the widely dispersed locations ­ in many
instances far from sizeable population centers ­ means that visual inspection in all
instances by company personnel can be inefficient. Aerial analysis by traditional fixed
wing aircraft is impractical because the required altitudes for safe flight reduce visibility
below meaningful levels ­ it is simply not possible to see all asset anomalies from such
heights. Helicopters present better vantage points; however manned helicopters are much
more costly, subject to human safety and carry highly explosive jet fuel making them
impractical for deployment. By using UAS for supplemental asset evaluation, TJW will
be able to substantially upgrade its capacity to detect and address issues with the right-of-
way and other assets before they become a problem for safe operations. Thus, the use of
UAS has the potential to improve efficiency, resulting in faster and safer delivery of
goods, energy & natural resources vital to the U.S. economy.
Granting an Exemption will not Adversely Affect Safety
TJW notes that there is no applicable standard for an equivalency determination. Some
have argued that the appropriate standard is that for model aircraft, noting that their
operations, if conducted for recreational purposes, would fall completely within the
allowable operations for model aircraft. We believe it is difficult to argue that there is
sufficient correlation between model operations controlled by the Academy of Model
Aeronautics and the ones contemplated by TJW. At the same time, it is clear that
equivalency cannot be established for traditional, manned civil aircraft because the design
and use profiles between traditional aircraft and UAS are simply too different. As such,
we believe it makes more sense to focus on why the contemplated operations would not
adversely affect safety, which is all that §11.81(e) requires.

Granting an exemption will not adversely affect safety. TJW contemplates conducting
UAS operations over client owned or controlled land, solely during daylight hours, at
altitudes well below that which would pose a risk to other aircraft. In general, UAS
operations are intended to be conducted in areas distant from both congested areas and
airports. Moreover, because of the inherent risks presented by standard infrastructure
operations, our clients have already taken steps to secure property against unauthorized
public access. For example, substantial stretches of pipeline, utilities, railroad track and
oil production sites are fenced, elevated, or otherwise secured to prevent access. Other
long stretches of infrastructure are, as noted above, in very remote wilderness areas. The
nature of operations anticipated by TJW requires that the UAS be flown at relatively low
altitudes and relatively low speeds. TJW expects that in most instances, the UAS will be
flown less than 75 feet from the highest structure along the path of the UAS.
Accordingly, the risk of interference with another aircraft is minimal. TJW also plans to
conduct UAS operations at least three miles from any public airports (including
heliports). In the event an operation needs to be conducted closer to an airport, TJW will
inform the airport operator and airport air traffic control tower of the contemplated
operation and will comply with any directions issued by air traffic control at that airport.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UASs in the infrastructure
aerial inspection industry will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional operations,
using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the
subject being inspected and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present
the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000lbs., carrying
large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must
fly to and from the inspection site. In contrast, a UAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and
powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack
of combustible fuel carried on board. The UAS is carried to the inspection site. The
UAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant
of the exemptions requested herein, including 333 Aircraft Exemption Status exempting
the applicant from conventional aircraft requirements and allowing commercial
Operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in
a controlled environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

The safety of those on the ground is protected by the fact that no one will be allowed into
the area without the permission of the company. Security will be established for the
flight area as part of the pre-flight control. Each individual within the secure area will be
briefed prior to flight and will consent to being in the area. All others will be excluded
from the area.

TJW initially intends to use a dedicated staff for UAS operations. All operations will be
within visual line-of-sight (i.e., no more than approximately 0.5 miles from the
manipulator of the controls, or pilot in command (PIC)). Each PIC will conduct at least
three take-offs and landings with the UAS on which he or she is trained every 90 days.
PIC's will establish their qualifications thru a combinationofaeronauticalknowledge,
UASairmanshipskills,andverificationthroughtestingofflightabilitybefore
infrastructuresoperationshavecommenced.Depending on the type of operation,
additional ground-based visual observers may be employed as well. These observers will
be within constant visual line of sight and in constant contact with the PIC. The visual
observers will assist the PIC in avoiding objects near the UAS.

There are no standards for either Private or Commercial UAS pilot certificates. The safe
operation and control of the UAS as described in this application does not depend on the
type of FAA license held by the PIC. Given the restricted and controlled airspace within
which operations will take place, the key factors needed by the PIC are knowledge of the
airspace within which the operation will take place and how that airspace fits into the
National Airspace System (NAS). That knowledge can be and is gained primarily
through ground school and not through flight training in fixed wing or rotor aircraft, nor
is it dependent on the acquisition of a commercial or private pilot's certificate. Those
certificates demonstrate knowledge of the factors and skills needed for the safe operation
of those types of aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft). It cannot be assumed that a
commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, has the skill or
ability to safely operate a small unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 AGL or lower,
within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. Besides knowledge of airspace
regulations, dexterity in the control and operation of the UAS acquired from actual
operation of the aircraft is the most important factor in establishing an equivalent level of
safety.

If the PIC has acquired the necessary knowledge of airspace requirements, the relevant
issues are (1) where the aircraft will be flown, (2) the size of the aircraft relative to what
is being used today to accomplish the same mission, and (3) what precautions will be
taken to ensure the safety of those in the area of operation. We propose that the PIC has
at least an FAA Private Pilots Certificate and a Class III medical; the aircraft be operated
within a secure environment; and that no one be allowed to enter the secure environment
unless they are part of the operation, have been fully briefed of the risks prior to
operation of the UAS, and have consented to the risks associated with being in the
operating area. Should there be a mishap, the UAS being flown pose significantly less of
a threat than the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft now being employed because they are
a fraction of the size, carry no flammable fuel, do not carry crew or passengers, and pose
an infinitesimal risk to others. This is in stark contrast to conventional aircraft that are
flown to the site, carry explosive fuel, carry passengers and crew, and operate in a much
larger area.

From a practical standpoint, there are relatively few licensed full-scale aircraft pilots who
are also qualified to fly the type of UAS that are utilized for infrastructure image-capture
operations. There are even fewer commercial pilots that can fly these UAS ­ to the point
that to do both is considered rare. Assuming that it is unlikely for a company to find a
pilot that has both qualifications, that company would either have to source a qualified
UAS pilot to train and obtain a commercial certificate, or find a commercial certificated
pilot who would be willing to learn to fly a UAS to the competency level required for
professional use.

Minimum requirements for the PIC include:
         1) A minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft
         pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type (single
         blade or multirotor);
         2) A minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot with the make and model of UAS to be
         utilized for operations under the exemption and 3 take offs and landings in the
         preceding 90 days;
         3) Have undergone a qualification process as specified in the Flight Operations
         & Procedures Manual consisting of a knowledge & skill test of the aircraft to be
         used.

TJW intends to use commercially available UAS Components for UAS. These UAS
systems will be tested for quality & safety in our test facility before being deployed to
the field. The UAS is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, and operates exclusively within a secured area. We have a routine
maintenance schedule to verify that the UAS will remain in safe and operational
condition. Please see Appendix B, for Specific Types of UAS.

Notes Regarding: 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H
InaccordancewiththestatutorycriteriaprovidedinSection333ofPL112---95in
referenceto49USC44704,andinconsiderationofthesize,weight,speed,andlimited
operatingareaassociatedwiththeaircraftanditsoperation,werequestthatthis
aircraftexemptionmeetstheconditionsofSection333.Therefore,ifgrantedSection
333reliefof14CFRpart21,andanyassociatednoisecertificationandtesting
requirementsofpart36,isnotnecessary.
Notes Regarding: 14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
Given the size of the sUAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible. UAwillbeidentified
byserialnumber,registeredinaccordancewith14CFRpart47,andhaveidentification
(N---Number)markingsinaccordancewith14CFRpart45,SubpartC.Markingswillbe
aslargeaspracticable.

Notes Regarding: 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
TJW's request is based on the fact that no airworthiness certificate will be issued for the
UAS. TJW's UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14
CFR part 21, Subpart H. Based on the fact that an airworthiness certificate will not be
issued, exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary.

Notes Regarding: 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight manual, marking & placard
Certifications required, the original intent of these regulations was to display an aircraft's
airworthiness, certification, and registration documents so they would be easily available
to inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA Memorandum subject "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's
control station," dated August 8, 2014, the requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.9(b)(2)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is not necessary.

Notes Regarding: §91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated instrument & certain flight tests
Small UASs, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. Aircraft being considered for use by TJW allow the UAS
Instructor to place the aircraft into `loiter' mode (fixed altitude stationary hold). In the
event of the student losing control, the UAS Instructor can quickly and via alternate
equipment (equipment not in the hands of the student) place the aircraft into a mode that
then allows the instructor to bring the aircraft back into control and back to the pre-
determined and/or safe landing location.
TJW does not describe training scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be
utilized or required, i.e. dual flight instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other
company-designated individual, that would require that individual to have fully
functioning dual controls. Rather, TJW evaluates the qualification of its PICs based on
their experience with the UAS to be operated and verifies through testing, in lieu of
formalized training. As such, TJW does not seek relief from 14 CFR § 91.109.

Notes Regarding § 14 CFR 91.119(b)
Relief from § 14 CFR 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable,
because the TJW's operations will only be conducted within the secured area described
herein.
TJW Safety Operations & Procedures Overview:

Technology Considerations:
Best-in-class, tried and proven technologies that are in advanced iterations. Software from
highly-reputable industry partners will include features -

          1. Auto descent (landing) if communication signal were to be severed. If the UAS
         loses communications, the UAS will have capability to return to a pre-determined
         location within the Security Perimeter and land.
          2. Auto descent (landing) if battery were to drop lower than nominal level.
          3. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve.
          4. Live video for operator gives real-time positioning feedback. In other words,
         we can monitor the scene from the vehicle's perspective for collision avoidance,
         and to maintain spatial orientation.
          5. The UAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles
         or emergencies.
          6. On-Screen-Display (OSD) contains operating information to ascertain
         vehicle health at all times: speed, altitude, number of GPS satellites (when
         available), heading and voltage.
          7. GPS lock supplies for return-to-home (RTH). Should Command and Control
         (C2) link failures occur (highly improbable), vehicle returns automatically to the
         point of launch.
          8. Altitude information will be provided to the UAS pilot via a digitally encoded
         telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen
         display. This altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board
         the aircraft, using GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or
         radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude
         initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.

Mechanical/Physical:
          1. We will fly line-of-sight (LOS) only. The vehicle will always remain in direct
         LOS to the pilot, thus eliminating the concern of signal severance (flying behind
         objects/walls).
          2. The UAS will weigh less than 55 lbs and travel at less than 50 knots.
          3. Batteries should far exceed the capacity required for actual flight time.
          4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
          5. Fireproof bags for storage and charging of high capacity Lipo batteries on-site.
          6. UAoperatedunderthisexemptionwillbemarkedinaccordancewith14
         CFRpart45orasotherwiseauthorizedbytheFAA.

Personnel:
          1. Spotters ensure safe operation and act as a redundant set of eyes for
         operators (pilot, gimbal op, director)
          2. Radio spectrum analysis for interference on the frequencies utilized for
         vehicle control/communication.
          3. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to
         each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing
         duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
          4. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the UAS operations
         and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight
         operations.
         5. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
         6. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
         7. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS generally
         and received up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated.

Operations:
         1. The unmanned aircraft (UA) must weigh less than 55 pounds (25 Kg),
         including energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by this petition
         of exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in Appendix B.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
         amendment to this request.

         2. The UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.

         3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above
         ground level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's
         manual. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

         4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
         times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
         other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical
         certificate.

         5. The operator's manual included as Appendix C and this petition of
         exemption must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon
         request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this
         exemption and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions
         and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the
         operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.

         The operator may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's
         responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents
         to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and
         revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator
         determines that any update or revision would affect the basis for which the FAA
         grants this petition for exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment
         to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
         contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's
         manual.

         7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition
for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included in the
preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual.
The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS
aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test
flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the operator's manual.

9. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
When unavailable, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in the
operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements for the following must be
included in the operator's manual:

         a. Actuators / Servos;
         b. Transmission (single rotor);
         c. Powerplant (motors);
         d. Propellers;
         e. Electronic speed controller;
         f. Batteries;
         g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
         h. Remote command and control;
         i. Ground control station (if used); and
         j. Any other components as determined by the operator;

12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, a flight
demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and -qualified pilot must be
successfully completed and documented. This documentation must be available for
review upon request by the Administrator. Because the knowledge and airmanship test
qualifications have been developed by the operator, and there are no established
practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and
approval of company designated examiners, the petitioner will conduct these tests in
accordance with the operator's manual.

13. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
consenting personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

14. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual
has safety mitigations for authorized and consenting personnel. At all times,
those persons must be essential to the operations.

15. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator must ensure
that no persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be
involved and necessary for the infrastructure inspection operations. This provision
may be reduced to no less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and
the Administrator has approved it. For example, an equivalent level of safety may
be determined by an aviation safety inspector's evaluation of the infrastructure
inspection area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings, safety barriers, etc.
Such barriers may protect nonparticipating persons (observers, the public, news
media, etc.) from debris in the event of an accident.
18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to
a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operator's manual.

19. The UAS must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles
or emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.

20. Each UAS operation must be completed with 25% battery power remaining.

21. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
(N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
be as large as practicable.

22. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of
the UAS maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the UAS.
These procedures must be added to the operator's manual.

23. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all
manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

24. The operator must develop UAS technician qualification criteria. These
criteria must be added to the operator's manual.

25. The preflight inspection section in the operator's manual must be amended to
include the following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the
relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual.

26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.

30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

31. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

32. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

34. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the
operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's
COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
to the Administrator upon request.

35. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not be
conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and
authorization to resume operations is provided.
Support for Petition for Exemption
In accordance with the procedural requirements of 14 C.F.R. §11.81, TJW provides the
following information:

         Contact Information:
         Thomas Walter
         CEO
         Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc.
         606 Venice Blvd, Suite E
         Venice, CA 90291
         (213) 379-0629
         Simon.Nielsen@drone-fleet.com
         info@drone-fleet.com

         Regulatory Provisions from which TJW seeks an Exemption
         TJW believes it may need an exemption from the following provisions to
conduct the contemplated operations. In some instances, relief is needed because relief
from another provision renders compliance with the regulation at hand infeasible.
         333 Aircraft Exemption Status
         14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
         14 C.F.R. §91.119(c)
         14 C.F.R. §91.121
         14 C.F.R. §91.151
         14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)
         14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)
         14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)(1)&(2)
         14 C.F.R. §91.417(a)&(b)
         TJW believes an exemption is only needed from the above-listed regulatory
provisions. To the extent that the FAA believes that additional relief is required for
TJW to conduct the operations described here, we request an exemption from any such
regulatory provisions as well.3

3 For example, 14 C.F.R. §91.417(a) imposes certain maintenance record keeping requirements "as
applicable". Since none of the underlying requirements (e.g., inspection intervals) can be met and will
require an exemption, TJW believes a separate exemption should not be required for §91.417(a).
The Extent of Requested Relief and the Reasons Relief is Needed

Section 333 Aircraft Exemption Status:
Section 333 of the Modernization Act authorizes the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate based on a consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability of the particular UAS, as well as its proximity to airports and
populated areas. An analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate in the areas and under the conditions contemplated by TJW will be
at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with
an airworthiness certificate without the conditions proposed in this request.

The UAS is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, and operates
exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and observer. Operations
will be conducted in compliance with the FAA and with local public safety requirements to
provide security for the area of operation as is now done with conventional equipment,
infrastructure, bridge and out building evaluation. These safety enhancements provide an
expanded degree of safety to the inspectors over conventional operations. Lastly, application
of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed
by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive
materials and inability to carry a substantial external load.

Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Applicant, this meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.¤44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS
operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions
and conditions proposed.
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
             §61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
             (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person
             who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft
             that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
             person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
             (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
             an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
             (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

         TJW anticipates initially using a cadre of specially trained staff to conduct the
UAS operations. While these individuals will not hold commercial pilot licenses. The
UAS will not carry property for compensation or hire since they will be used solely to
assist in evaluation of the infrastructure, equipment, right-of-way, assets, bridges, tunnels
and out-buildings in furtherance of TJW's client's primary business, the successful
operation of a infrastructure; however, the employees' operation of the UAS will not be
incidental to their employment with TJW, and they will be compensated for such work.
Without an exemption, the pilot would be required to hold a commercial pilot certificate
under §61.133. However, the risk associated with the contemplated operations is less than
the risk posed by a traditional aircraft. The UAS will fly at altitudes well below the
permissible limits for other civil aircraft, eliminating the risk to other aircraft, and within
a geographical envelope under the sole control of TJW clients. Accordingly, the risk
would be limited to TJW personnel, who will be appropriately outfitted in safety gear,
and TJW client's property on the ground. Requiring a commercial pilot certificate would
provide no appreciable safety benefit and would needlessly impose additional cost on
TJW. Because the contemplated operations would not comply with §61.113(b)(1) and
none of the other exceptions to paragraph (a) apply, relief is needed from both paragraphs
(a) and (b).
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c)
             §91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
             Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
             aircraft
             below the following altitudes:
             ***
             (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
             except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
             may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
             structure.
             *****

         TJW submits that the only relief it requires from §91.119 is from the minimum
altitudes listed in paragraph (c). Relief is required from paragraph (c) for fixed wing
operations because asset evaluation conducted at 500 feet or higher is insufficiently
distinct to be meaningful. Since operations at this altitude also pose a heightened risk of
collision with another aircraft, safety can only be assured through the grant of an
exemption. The anticipated rotorcraft operations should be adequately addressed by
paragraph (d) (1). Additionally, relief should not be needed from paragraph (a) because
an emergency landing of the aircraft due to a power failure will not create an undue
hazard to persons or property on the surface. As noted in the explanation of why an
exemption will not adversely affect safety, TJW clients has exclusive use of the land
over which the UAS will be operated, and public access is restricted. It also has
exclusive use of significant portions of land adjacent to the infrastructure and structures
that will be the objects of evaluation and analysis. TJW's Clients tightly control access
to land and have the ability to assure that no individuals unassociated with the planned
operations are on the affected land. As such, the risk of injury is minimal. TJW does not
contemplate conducting operations over congested areas, so relief is not requested from
paragraph (b).

14 C.F.R. 91.121
         14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
         altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "Éto the elevation of the departure
         airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."
         *****
          As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read

out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.
Altitude information will be provided to the UAS pilot via a digitally encoded telemetric
data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. This
altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board the aircraft, using
GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or radio altimeter, or any
combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established
and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.
14 C.F.R. 91.151

             §91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
             (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
             to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­
             (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.

             (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
             (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
             to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
             fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

             *****

         Operating the UAS in a pre-defined area with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel
does not raise the type of risk contemplated by §91.151, i.e., that an aircraft could run out
of fuel in the event it has to be flown to an alternate airport or circle the planned airport in
the event of unanticipated conditions. TJW does not intend to use the UAS for point-to-
point flights and will not operate the UAS beyond visual line of sight. Nor will the UAS
require an airport in order to land. Rather, TJW will operate the UAS using pre-planned
flight paths (taking into account weather conditions) designed to allow the UAS to fly to
the point of intended landing. As such, there is no need for a time-based excess fuel
requirement. Rather it should be sufficient to require only as much additional excess
flight capacity as necessary to safely land the UAS. We believe that a 25% battery
reserve is more than sufficient to meet this objective.
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a) (1)&(2) and 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) &
             (b) §91.405 Maintenance required.
             Each owner or operator of an aircraft Ð
             (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
             shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
             section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;
             *****
             §91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
             rebuilding, or alteration.
             (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
             rebuilding, or alteration unless Ð
             (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
             §43.7 of this chapter;
             *****
             §91.409 Inspections.
             (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate
             an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had __
             (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and
             has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of
             this chapter; or
             (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
             accordance with part 21 of this chapter.
             *****
             §91.417 (a) & (b)
             *****
             TJW believes that an exemption from these three maintenance requirements is

appropriate because the FAA has not developed maintenance standards that would allow
an operator to meet the part 91 maintenance requirements. In particular, there are no
individuals authorized by the FAA to approve a UAS for return to service under
§91.407(a) or to conduct the initial airworthiness and annual return to service inspections
required by §91.409(a). TJW will maintain the aircraft as instructed in the owner's
manual and ASTM F2909, where applicable, and will not operate the aircraft until it has
reasonably determined that any needed repairs have been made. However, because of the
technical impossibility of meeting the requirements of §§91.405(a), 407(a), 409(a) and
417(a)&(b), we believe an exemption from these provisions is appropriate.

Please do not hesitate to contact me at the phone number or via the e-mail address
provided above should you have any questions or concerns.

                  Respectfully submitted,

                  Thomas Johann Walter
Appendix A
Summary for Federal Register Publication

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register should the FAA determine that publication is needed.

Petitioner: Drone Fleet & Aerospace Management, Inc. (TJW)

Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected:
333 Aircraft Exemption Status
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. §91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. §91.121
14 C.F.R. §91.151
14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.417(a)&(b)

Description of Relief Sought:

Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 333 Aircraft Exemption Status, 14 C.F.R.,
61.113(a)&(b)), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.405(a), 91.407(a), 91.409(a), and
91.417(a)&(b) to conduct UAS operations over TJW Client's owned or controlled land,
solely during daylight hours, to assist in the safe evaluation and analysis of infrastructure
and operations. In general, UAS operations are intended to be conducted in areas remote
from both congested areas and airports. The nature of operations anticipated by TJW
requires that the UAS be flown at relatively low altitudes. TJW expects that in most
instances, the UAS will be flown less than 75 feet from the highest structure along the
path of the UAS and in no instances will be flown higher than 400 feet above the ground.
Accordingly, the risk of interference with other aircraft is minimal.
 Appendix B
 Specifictype(s),make,andmodel

DJIPhantom3

SeeAttachedFlightManuals:
         DJIPhantom3 UserManual
