April 20, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11402
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0149

Mr. Thomas Ryan Drake
28388 Maitland Lane
Santa Clara, CA 91350

Dear Mr. Drake:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 20, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct video filming and photography by air for public and private use and
to inspect land for residential, commercial, and industrial structures and property.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom Vision 2+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Thomas Ryan Drake is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Thomas Ryan Drake is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom Vision
         2+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
         visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
         satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
         The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic
         messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
         designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
         of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
         VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

  
                                                                                        January  20,  2015  

  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation,  Docket  Operations    
West  Building  Ground  Floor,  Room  w12-140    
1200  New  Jersey  Ave.,  SE  Washington,  DC  20590    
  
Re:  Exemption  Request  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Reform  Act  of  the  Federal  Aviation  
Regulations  from  14  C.F.R.  61.113(a)&(b);  91.7(a);  91.9(b)  (2);  91.109;119.121;  
91.151(a);  91.405(a);  91.407(a)  (1);  91.409(a)  (2);  91.417(a)&(b)  
  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:    
  
I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  am  writing  pursuant  to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  
2012  and  the  procedures  contained  within  14  C.F.R.  11,  to  request  that  I,  Thomas  Ryan  
Drake,  an  owner  and  operator  of  small  unmanned  aircraft,  be  exempted  from  the  
Federal  Aviation  Regulations  ("FARs")  listed  below  so  that  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  may  
operate  a  small  ultra  light  weight  unmanned  aircraft  system  ("UAS")  commercially  in  
airspace  regulated  by  the  Federal  Aviation  Administration  ("FAA")  located  in  Southern  
California  (specifically  in  Los  Angeles  and  Ventura  Counties)  in  accordance  with  FAA  UAS  
Regulations  &  Policies.  
  
This  exemption  request  is  made  based  on  information  outlined  in  this  petition,  as  well  
as  the  accompanying  DJI  Phantom  Vision  2+  Operators  Manual1  and  Personal  Protocols  
and  Controls2.  The  DJI  Phantom  Vision  2+  UAS  was  selected  because  it  has  a  proven  
capability  for  controlled  flight  as  well  as  a  gyro  stabilized  flight  mode,  GPS  aided  
navigation,  a  compass,  blinking  LED's  on  the  bottom,  a  failsafe  mode  for  returning  
home,  and  prop  guards.  These  devices  are  offered  for  general  sale  around  the  world  and  
have  often  been  used  as  Model  Aircraft  in  the  USA.  In  addition,  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  
have  flown  UAS's  in  a  recreational  capacity  since  2013  and  have  adopted  safety  
protocols  and  controls  to  avoid  and  prevent  public  hazard,  as  well  as  manned  aircraft  
hazards/catastrophe.  This  will  act  to  further  safety  protocols  exclusive  to  lightweight  
UAS's  specific  to  video  and  photography  usage  as  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  record  flight  
data  and  other  information  gained  through  permitted  flight  operations  to  share  with  the  
FAA  through  any  required  FAA  reports  to  assist  with  future  protocol  and  safety  
regulation.  
  
I.  Contact  Information  
  

         Thomas  Ryan  Drake  
         DBA  six6one  Development  
         28388  Maitland  Ln.  
                                                                                                                

1  Appendix  A  ­  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+  Operator's  Manual  
2  Appendix  B  ­  Personal  Protocols  and  Controls  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

         Santa  Clarita,  CA  
         Mobile:  (661)  313-5858  
         Email:  drake@six6one.com  
  
II.  Information  regarding  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  UAS  
  
Specifically,  the  UAS  is:    
  
An  ultra  lightweight  battery  operated  4-motor  rotorcraft  in  the  form  of  a  quadcopter  
that  takes  off  and  lands  vertically,  manufactured  by  DJI,  Model  Phantom  2  Vision+,  with  
the  following  equipment:    
  
    · An  on-board  flight  computer  with  GPS  navigation  and  location  ability  that  
         receives  signals  for  flight  controls  from  a  ground-based  transmitter/controller;    
    · An  integrated  on-board  camera  capable  of  capturing  imagery  in  the  form  of  full  
         color,  high  definition  still  photos  and  video;    
    · An  on-board  telemetry  system  that  delivers  flight  data  from  the  on-board  flight  
         computer  to  the  on-board  radio  transmitter  including  altitude  AGL,  horizontal  
         and  vertical  speed,  compass  direction  of  flight  and  direction  back  to  its  launch  
         site;    
    · A  600mW,  5.8GHz  on-board  radio  transmitter  that  transmits  live  video  from  the  
         on-board  camera  plus  all  the  flight  data  from  the  telemetry  system  described  
         above;  
  
The  Ground  Station  Includes:    
  
    · A  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  in  operational  control  of  a  flight  operation  from  
         beginning  to  end  and  who  controls  the  UAS  while  in  the  air;    
    · A  100mW,  2.4GHz  radio  transmitter/controller  operated  by  the  PIC  to  control  
         the  UAS  while  in  flight;    
    · A  radio  receiver  receiving  live  video  and  flight  data  from  the  on-board  camera  
         and  computer  projects  it  all  together  onto  a  screen  for  the  PIC  to  view  during  
         flight;    
    · A  Visual  Observer  (VO)  is  a  person  who  provides  a  second  pair  of  eyes  to  visually  
         track  the  UAS  while  in  flight.    
  
III.  Proposed  Operations    
  
I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  intend  to  use  UASs  in  two  areas.  First,  I  seek  an  exemption  to  
perform  video  filming  and  photographing  by  air  for  public  and  private  use.  Second,  I  will  
employ  UAS's  to  inspect  land,  residential  commercial  and  industrial  structures  and  
property.  
  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

Specifically,  I  will  use  UASs  which  are  equipped  with  cameras  and  sensors,  in  order  to  
engage  in  the  following  commercial  activities  in  Los  Angeles  and  Ventura  Counties:    
  

         (a)  Video  filming  by  air  and  photographing  for  public  and  private  purposes,  
         including:  television,  cinematography,  advertising  or  promotions.  Filming  and  
         Photography  will  only  be  conducted  with  permission  and  under  contract  with  
         registered  owners  or  with  any  local  government  authority  and  only  when  safe  to  
         do  so.  
           
         (b)  Video  filming  by  air  and  photographing  to  support  professional  operations  in  
         engineering,  land  surveying  and  development,  architecture,  real  estate  and  
         other  related  professional  activities.  Filming  and  Photography  will  only  be  
         conducted  with  permission  and  under  contract  with  registered  owners  or  with  
         any  local  government  authority  and  only  when  safe  to  do  so.  
           
         (c)  Inspection  by  air  of  infrastructure  such  as  bridges,  highways,  photovoltaic  
         power  stations,  and  pipelines.  These  inspections  will  only  be  done  under  
         contract  and  permission  with  any  registered  owners  or  with  any  local  
         government  authority  and  only  when  safe  to  do  so.  
           
         (d)  Inspection  by  air  of  land  and  residential,  commercial  and  industrial  
         structures,  only  under  contract  and  permission  with  any  registered  owners  or  
         with  any  local  government  authority  and  only  when  safe  to  do  so.  
  
         (e)  Support  provided  to  search  and  rescue  operations  and  reconnaissance  in  
         cases  of  need,  emergency  or  natural  disasters  only  when  government  authorities  
         have  requested  it  by  contract  or  donation  and  only  when  safe  to  do  so.  
  
IV.  Relevant  Statutory  Authority    
  
This  Petition  for  Exemption  is  submitted  pursuant  to  Section  333(a)  through  (c)  of  the  
FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  ("Reform  Act").  Congress  has  directed  the  
FAA  "to  safely  accelerate  the  integration  of  civil  unmanned  aircraft  systems  into  the  
national  airspace  system."  Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act,  the  FAA  
Administrator  is  to  permit  unmanned  aircraft  systems  to  operate  in  the  National  Air  
Space  ("NAS")  where  it  is  safe  to  do  so  based  on  the  following  considerations:    
  
    · The  UAS's  size,  weight,  speed  and  operational  capability;    
    · Operation  of  the  UAS  in  close  proximity  to  airports  and  populated  areas;  and  
    · Operation  of  the  UAS  within  the  visual  line  of  sight  of  the  operator.    
  
Additionally,  the  FAA  Administrator  has  general  authority  to  grant  exemptions  from  the  
agency's  safety  regulations  and  minimum  standards  when  the  Administrator  decides  a  
requested  exemption  is  in  the  public  interest.  See  49  U.S.C.  §  106(f)  (defining  the  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

authority  of  the  Administrator);  49  U.S.C.  §  44701(f)  (permitting  exemptions  from§§  
44701(a),  (b)  and§§  44702-44716,et  seq.).  A  party  requesting  an  exemption  must  
explain  the  reasons  why  the  exemption:  (1)  would  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole,  and  (2)  
would  not  adversely  affect  safety  (or  how  it  would  provide  a  level  of  safety  at  least  
equal  to  the  existing  rules).  See  14  C.F.R.  §  11.81  (petitions  for  exemption).  
  
V.  These  Proposed  UAS  Operations  Meet  the  Requirements  of  Section  333  of  the  
Reform  Act    
  
The  proposed  operations  in  this  Petition  for  Exemption  qualify  for  expedited  approval  
pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  Reform  Act  as  each  of  the  statutory  criteria  and  relevant  
factors  are  satisfied.    
  
VI.  Approval  is  Warranted  Based  on  the  UAS  Size,  Weight,  Speed,  and  Operational  
Capability    
  
I,  Thomas,  Ryan  Drake,  will  employ  the  DJI  Phantom  Vision  2+  quadcopter  for  the  
operations  specified  in  this  Petition  for  exemption.    
  

    · The  Phantom  2  Vision+  UASs  have  a  maximum  take-off  weight  of  less  than  5  
         pounds  

    · Flight  speed  will  not  exceed  15  miles  per  hour,  and  it  will  not  be  flown  in  
         controlled  airspace  or  at  an  altitude  that  exceeds  300  feet  AGL.    

    · All  flights  will  be  flown  in  such  a  manner  that  they  can  be  safely  terminated  with  
         a  reserve  battery  power  of  no  less  than  20%  of  the  battery's  maximum  charge.    

    · The  DJI  Phantom  2  Vision+  UAS  does  not  carry  any  flammable  propellant  or  fuel.    
    · The  Phantom  2  Vision+  UAS  has  an  integrated  GPS  system  that  calculates  the  

         UAS's  position  and  height  and  relays  that  information  via  a  secure  connection  to  
         the  operator.    
    · The  Phantom  2  Vision+  UAS  contain  a  failsafe  mode  if  its  connection  to  the  
         remote  control  is  lost,  and  this  system  permits  the  UAS  to  return  to  a  
         predetermined  location  and  land  without  injury  or  damage.  
    · For  additional  safety,  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  will  be  retrofitted  with  prop  guards.    
  
VII.  Approval  is  Warranted  Based  on  the  Operational  Restrictions  Set  Forth  in  the  
Operations  Manual.    
  
DJI's  operators  manual3  and  the  Personal  Protocols  and  Controls4  contain  all  of  the  
procedures  and  limitations  necessary  to  successfully  perform  the  operations  specified  in  
this  Petition  for  Exemption.    
  

                                                                                                                

3  Appendix  A  
4  Appendix  B  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

VIII.  Public  Interest  
  
The  public  interest  will  be  served  by  granting  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  a  Petition  for  
Exemption  in  Los  Angeles  and  Ventura  Counties.  Congress  has  established  a  national  
policy  that  favors  early  integration  of  UASs  into  the  NAS  in  controlled,  safe  working  
environments  such  as  those  proposed  in  this  Petition.  In  addition,  the  public  also  has  an  
interest  in  reducing  the  hazards  associated  with  alternate  methods  of  conducting  similar  
operations.  Currently  operations  are  conducted  using  teams  that  physically  climb  onto  
structures  using  ladders,  using  low  flying  helicopters  or  aircraft,  are  extremely  cost  
prohibitive  or  are  simply  not  available  by  traditional  means.  By  using  UAS,  exposure  to  
physical  hazards  will  be  reduced  by  conducting  the  operation  while  remaining  safely  on  
the  ground.    
  
Additionally,  the  intended  uses  of  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  UAS  as  outlined  in  this  
document  have  identifiable  safety  benefits  that  include  reducing  the  danger  and  
emissions  associated  with  full  size  helicopters.  UAS  have  no  fuel  to  ignite  or  explode,  no  
crew,  add  a  greater  degree  of  flexibility,  supplement  the  current  capabilities  offered  by  
manned  aircraft,  and  public  interest  for  a  ground  impact  of  a  small  lightweight  UAS  is  
further  minimized  from  an  ecological  and  safety  standpoint.    
  
IX.  A  Summary  The  FAA  May  Publish  in  the  Federal  Register:  
  
A.  14  C.F.R.  91:  Airworthiness  Certificates,  Manuals  and  The  Like.  
  

         14  C.F.R.  91.7(a)  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  will  ensure  the  UAS  is  in  airworthy  
         condition  based  on  compliance  with  the  Phantom  2  Vision+  operating  
         documents  prior  to  each  flight.  
  
         14  C.F.R.  §  91.121  Relief  is  requested  considering  the  limited  altitude  of  
         proposed  operations.  
  
B.  14  C.F.R.  §  61.113:  Private  Pilot  Privileges  and  Limitations:  PIC.  
  
         Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (a),  The  FAA  has  previously  declared  that  
         additional  manned  airship  experience  of  a  commercially  certified  pilot  would  not  
         correlate  to  the  airmanship  skills  necessary  for  similarly  proposed  operations  in  
         previously  issued  exemptions  to  this  regulation  through  Exemption  Nos.  11062  
         and  11138.  
           
         Pursuant  to  14  C.F.R.  §  61.113  (b),  The  stick  and  rudder  controls  of  the  typical  
         aircraft  one  would  be  trained  on  to  achieve  a  private  pilots  license  are  
         completely  different  than  that  of  a  small  UAS.  Additionally,  the  FAA  does  not  
         require  manned  ultralight  vehicle  PICs  to  meet  any  aeronautical  knowledge,  age,  
         or  experience  requirements  or  to  have  airman  or  medical  certificates  (as  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

         outlined  in  14  C.F.R.  §  103).  Ultralight  vehicles  can  weigh  more  than  500  pounds  
         than  the  Phantom  2  Vision+,  can  carry  up  to  5  gallons  of  combustible  fuel,  and  fly  
         at  speeds  close  to  double  that  capable  by  the  Phantom  2  Vision+.  Due  to  these  
         facts,  and  in  the  absence  of  a  specific  UAS  Pilot  License,  I  submit  that  prior  to  any  
         commercial  operations  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  will  obtain  a  Student  Pilot  
         Certificate  and  complete  a  basic  aviation  introduction  course,  with  45  minutes  of  
         logged  flight  time,  applied  by  a  certified  flight  instructor.  In  addition  I  submit  32  
         plus  hours  of  UAS  logged  flight  time  I  have  acquired  over  the  past  two  years5.  
  
D.  14  C.F.R.  91.119  (c):  Minimum  Safe  Altitudes.  
  
         14  C.F.R.  §  91.119  (c)  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  will  ensure  that  all  persons  and  
         objects  not  essential  to  flight  operations  must  remain  500  feet  away  from  
         operations.  In  addition  to  visual  monitoring  of  the  area,  a  traffic  cone  and  
         warning  sign6  alerting  persons  in  the  area  will  be  placed  at  the  operation  ground  
         station.  To  protect  objects  and  personnel  essential  to  flight  operations  the  
         Phantom  2  Vision+  will  be  fitted  with  propeller  guards  and  safety  wire7  to  
         minimize  potential  hazards.  
           
E.  14  C.F.R.  91.151  (c):  Fuel  Requirements  for  Flight  in  VFR  Conditions.  
  
         14  C.F.R.  91.151  (c),  I,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake,  will  ensure  that  each  individual  flight  
         will  not  begin  unless  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  
         landing  and  land  the  UA  with  30%  battery  power  remaining.  In  addition,  each  
         individual  flight  will  last  no  longer  than  20  minutes,  5  minutes  less  than  the  
         manufacturer  stated  25  minutes  of  flight  time.  
  
F.  14  C.F.R.  91.405  (a);  407  (a)  (1);  409  (a)  (2);  417(a)  &  (b):  Maintenance  Inspections.  
  
         The  above-cited  Regulations  require,  amongst  other  things,  aircraft  owners  and  
         operators  to  "have  [the]  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  
         and  shall  between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  
         this  section,  have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter.  
         .  .  ."    
  
These  Regulations  only  apply  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate.  They  will  not,  
therefore,  apply  to  my,  Thomas  Ryan  Drake's,  UAS.  However,  as  a  safety  precaution  I  
inspect  my  UAS  per  operating  documents  before  and  after  each  flight.  
  
  
  
                                                                                                                

5  Appendix  C  ­  Drake  UAS  Flight  Logs  
6  Appendix  D  ­  Warning  Sign  
7  Appendix  E  ­  Phantom  2  Prop  Guard  Attachment  Instructions  
                                                                  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  ­  Section  333  Exemption  Petition  

X.  Conclusion    
  
This  Petition  for  Exemption  satisfies  the  criteria  articulated  in  Section    
333  of  the  Reform  Act  of  2012  including  weight,  speed,  operating  capabilities,  proximity  
to  airports  and  populated  areas,  operation  within  visual  line  of  sight  and  national  
security.  Additionally,  the  Petition  provides  more  than  adequate  justification  for  the  
grant  of  the  requested  exemptions  to  permit  Thomas  Ryan  Drake  to  operate  a  Phantom  
Vision  2+  Plus  UAS  in  Los  Angeles  and  Ventura  Counties  for  the  operations  specified  
herein.    
  
Granting  the  exemption  will  benefit  the  public  interest  as  a  whole  in  several  ways,  
including  (1)  significantly  improving  safety  and  reducing  risk  by  alleviating  human  
exposure  to  danger,  and  (2)  improving  the  quality  of  services  and  decreasing  operating  
costs  compared  with  conventional  flight  operations.    
  
Very  Respectfully,    
Thomas  Ryan  Drake  
28388  Maitland  Ln.  
Santa  Clarita,  CA  91350    
drake@six6one.com  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
