August 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12579
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-2380

Mr. Richard N. LaMont
Resource Programming, Inc.
dba Timberland Media, Inc.
5855 NW Vineyard Drive
Corvallis, OR 97330

Dear Mr. LaMont:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Resource Programming, Inc., dba Timberland Media, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial imaging, videography, surveying, mapping, inspection, product
demonstration, UAS training1, and research and development.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire, DJI S1000, DJI
S900, and a 3D Robotics Iris+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                 3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Resource Programming, Inc., dba Timberland Media,
Inc., is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to
operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Resource Programming, Inc., dba Timberland Media, Inc., is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Inspire, DJI S1000, DJI S900, and 3D Robotics Iris+ when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
                                                                                                            4

    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.
                                                                                                            5

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                            6

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.
                                                                                               7

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be

    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions

    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
 
 May 28, 2015  
 
U.S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave. SE  
Washington, DC 20590  
 
 
Re: Exemption Request; Section 333 of the FAA Modernization & Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal 
Aviation Regulations 
 
Dear Sir or Madam: 
 
Petitioner hereby petitions the Secretary of Transportation and Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA") 
for  exemption  to  the  above  referenced  and  below  more  fully  described  Federal  Aviation  Regulations, 
("FARs") that currently may or may not apply to the recreational/business operations of model aircraft 
including small unmanned aerial vehicles/systems ("SUAS").  We agree to operate within the boundaries 
set forth by this exemption and conditions set by the FAA for commercial use. 

Timberland  Media  is  a  forestry  consulting  company  located  in  Oregon  that  intends  to  use  SUAVs  to 
gather images/video for forestry uses such as of timberland appraisal, precision forestry, georeference 
mapping and property inspections.  We are committed to safe and responsible SUAS flight operations. 
 
Resource Programming Inc. (d.b.a. Timberland Media) has been valuing timberland for over 35 years.  A 
large  part  of  the  valuation  process  necessitates  the  use  of  maps,  orthophotos,  and  digital  photos  to 
display property attributes such as volume per acre stocking, stream buffers, slope and aspect changes, 
tree vigor and others.  For decades, large public and private timberland owners have used manned ­ fix 
winged  aircraft  or  helicopters  in  order  to  gather  data  for  the  abovementioned  reasons.    Currently,  it  is 
only  the  large  timberland  owners  who  are  able  to  finance  such  projects,  as  smaller  organizations  lack 
scale and resources for such high expense projects.   Aerial photographs / cinematography obtained by 
an  SUAS  provide  a  cheaper  and  safer  alternative  to  current  methods,  such  as  helicopters  and  other 
fixedwinged  aircrafts.      Furthermore,  the  SUAS  provides  smaller  organizations  with  the  same  toolsets 
available to others.  The use of SUAS in forestry as a tool can greatly improve the safety standards of the 
National Airspace System and benefit the public. 
 
Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (the  Reform  Act),  and  14 
C.F.R.  Part  11,  Timberland  Media  Inc.  (Petitioner),  an  Oregon  forestry  consulting  company,  hereby 
request  an  exemption  to  operate  Small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  (SUAS)  to  conduct  aerial 
photography and surveying for various forestry uses from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) listed 
below  to  allow  operation  of  our  SUAS  commercially  in  airspace  regulated  by  the  Federal  Aviation 
Administration  (FAA)  so  long  as  such  operations  are  conducted  with  and  under  the  conditions  outlined 
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333 and the exemption requirements.  
 
The requested exemption is similar to previous FAA issued grants of exemption including but not limited 
to Exemptions: 

                   11062, Astraeus Aerial 

                                                                                                                               1 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 

                   11109, Clayco, Inc. 
                   11112, VDOS Global, LLC 
                   11213, Aeryon Labs 
                   11295, RoboFlight Systems LLC 
 
The  requested  exemption  would  permit  Timberland  Media  Inc.  to  pursue  its  commercial  interests  in 
providing  services  to  clients  interested  in  aerial  photography/video,  data  capture  and  research  using  a 
SUAS in the following areas:  
 
     Forest and Agricultural Surveying and Mapping 
     Timberland Appraisal and Inspection 
     Aerial filmmaking and photography 
     Event photography and videography 
     Product Demonstrations 
     UAS Training and Safety Operations 
     Research and Development 
 
The Petitioner SUAS flights that will occur over private or controlled access property will do so with the 
property  owner's  prior  consent  and  knowledge.  Only  people  who  have  consented  or  otherwise  have 
agreed  to  be  in  the  area  where  photography  and  videography  will  take  place  will  be  captured  in  any 
photos or videos. 
 
Additionally,  the  Petitioner's  pilots  will  hold  an  airline  transport,  commercial,  private,  recreational,  or 
sport  pilot  certificate  and  also  hold  a  current  FAA  airman  medical  certificate  or  a  valid  U.S.  driver's 
license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal 
government.  If  an  observer  is  not  a  qualified  pilot,  they  will  be  trained  by  the  Petitioner's  pilots  to 
understand the proper roles of an observer, communication procedures, proper visual scan techniques, 
operations at nontowered airports, and appropriate sections of the Aeronautical Information Manual.  
 
We  are  petitioning  for  exemption  to  enable  the  Petitioner  to  operate  a  series  of  SUAS  platforms  that 
have been previously approved by exemption. 
 
     DJI Phantom 2  Exemption 11398  
     DJI Inspire  Exemption 11398  
     DJI S1000  Exemption 11416  
     DJI S900  Exemption 11401  
     3DRobotics IRIS+  Exemption 11419  
 
These  SUAS  all  weigh  less  than  55  lbs.,  have  a  builtin  capability  to  limit  the  height  flown  above  the 
ground, to limit the radius of the distance it flies from the operator and to exclude it from Class B, C and 
D  airspace  including  a  no  fly  zone  feature.  Each  system  also  has  the  failsafe  function  of  the  autopilot 
system, which means when the communication between the Main Controller and the transmitter is lost, 
the system will automatically trigger a Return to Home and will land safely.  
 
This submission does not include the Operating Manuals for each model requested above, as they have 
been  reviewed  by  the  Administrator  in  granting  previous  exemptions.  Copies  of  all  Operating  Manuals 
for the individual models listed will be submitted on request. 

                                                                                                                               2 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
 
The above specifications meet standards listed below:  
 

     Petitioner will only operate its SUAS in line of sight of a pilot and/or observer and will operate at 
         sites that are a 'sufficient distance' from populated areas within the sterile area described in the 
         operator's manual. Such operations will insure that the SUAS will "not create a hazard to users 
         of the national airspace system or the public."  

     Petitioner will not operate SUAS within 5 nautical  miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as 
         denoted  in  the  current  FAA  Airport/Facility  Directory  (AFD),  unless  a  letter  of  agreement  with 
         that airport's management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to Petitioner.  

     Maximum flight time for each operational flight will be 60 minutes.  

     Flights will be terminated at 20% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 60 minute 
         limit.  

     The SUAS will be programmed so that  it will not be operated at  an altitude of more than  400 
         feet AGL.  

     Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the SUAS Pilot (PIC) and the Visual Observer.  

     The SUAS PIC's (Pilot in Command) will be an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, 
         or  sport  pilot  certificate  and  also  hold  a  current  FAA  airman  medical  certificate  or  a  valid  U.S. 
         driver's license issued by a state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, 
         or the Federal government.  

     The  SUAS  operated  by  the  petitioner  weighs  less  than  55  pounds,  including  the  payload  (i.e. 
         camera, lens, and gimbal).  

     The SUAS will operate at speeds of no more than 55 knots.  

     Given the small size of the SUAS and  the restricted sterile environment within which  they will 
         operate, our SUAS operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements.  

 
Under  the  requested  exemption,  Petitioner  will  ensure  that  all  operators  have  completed  a  small 
unmanned  aircraft  systems  (SUAS)  education  and  training  program  including  all  applicable  regulations 
and guidance documents.  
 
We respectfully request exemption under Section 333 to enable the Petitioner to operate safe, lowrisk 
commercial  SUAS  operations  for  the  activities  stated.  The  Petitioner  at  all  times  will  respect  the  space 
and privacy of citizens and property while operating in the National Airspace System.  
 
 
Name and Address of the Petitioner 
 
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is: 
Richard N. LaMont 
Resource Programming Inc. 
d.b.a. Timberland Media Inc. 
5855 NW Vineyard Drive 
Corvallis, OR 97330 
5417457131 
rlamont@timberlandappraisal.com 

                                                                                                                               3 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
 
 
The Petitioner Requests Relief From the following regulations:  
 
Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 
              

         14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, Airworthiness Certificates 
         14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft 
         14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Operator. 
         14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
         14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
         14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight action 
         14 C.F.R. 91.109: Flight instruction: 
         14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes: General 
         14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings 
         14 C.F.R. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
         14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
         14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections 
         200foot "blanket" COA 
          
 
 
Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety  
Petitioner  requests  an  exemption  from  the  following  regulations  as  well  as  any  additional  regulations 
that may technically apply to the operation of the SUAS System:  
 

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates 
 
The FAA procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the FAA continues to work to 
develop  airworthiness  standards  for  Unmanned  Aerial  Systems,  we  request  an  experimental  certificate 
be issued for our listed SUAS under either or both of the following provisions: 
 
21.191 Experimental certificates. 
 
Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes: 
 

         (a)  Research  and  development.  Testing  new  aircraft  design  concepts,  new  aircraft  equipment, 
         new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft. 
         (b)  Showing  compliance  with  regulations.  Conducting  flight  tests  and  other  operations  to  show 
         compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance 
         of  type  and  supplemental  type  certificates,  flights  to  substantiate  major  design  changes,  and 
         flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations. 
 
If  an  experimental  airworthiness  certificate  is  not  appropriate  for  this  application,  then  we  request  an 
exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for an airworthiness certificate. 
 

                                                                                                                               4 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
14 C.F.R. 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft 
The  regulation  requires;  when  marks  include  only  the  Roman  capital  letter  "N"  and  the  registration 
number  is  displayed  on  limited,  restricted  or  lightsport  category  aircraft  or  experimental  or 
provisionally  certificated  aircraft,  the  operator  must  also  display  on  that  aircraft  near  each  entrance  to 
the  cabin,  cockpit,  or  pilot  station,  in  letters  not  less  than  2  inches  nor  more  than  6  inches  high,  the 
words "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable. 

Even  though  the  SUASs  will  have  no  airworthiness  certificate,  an  exemption  may  be  needed  as  the 
SUASs will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can 
be  placed.  Given  the  size  of  the  SUASs,  twoinch  lettering  will  be  impossible.  The  word  "Experimental" 
will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with C.F.R. 45.29 (f). The equivalent level of safety will be 
provided  by  having  the  SUASs  marked  on  its  fuselage  as  required  by  C.F.R.  45.29  (f)  where  the  pilot, 
observer and others working with the SUASs will see the identification of the SUASs as "Experimental." 
The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 
and 10167 A. 

 

14 C.F.R. 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Operator. 
Sections  61.113  (a)  &  (b)  limit  private  pilots  to  noncommercial  operations.  Because  the  SUASs  is 
unmanned and will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent 
level  of  safety  of  current  operations  by  requiring  the  Operator  operating  the  aircraft  to  have  a  FAA 
recreational,  or  sport  pilot  certificate.    Unlike  a  conventional  aircraft  that  carries  the  pilot  and 
passengers,  the  SUASs  is  remotely  controlled  with  no  living  thing  on  board.  The  area  of  operation  is 
controlled  and  restricted,  and  all  flights  are  planned  and  coordinated  in  advance.  The  level  of  safety 
provided  by  the  requirements  included  herein  exceed  that  provided  by  a  single  individual  holding  a 
commercial  pilot's  certificate  operating  a  conventional  aircraft.  The  risks  associated  with  the  operation 
of  the  SUASs  are  so  diminished  from  the  level  of  risk  associated  with  commercial  operations 
contemplated  by  Part  61  when  drafted,  that  allowing  operations  of  the  SUASs  as  requested  with  a 
private pilot as the Operator exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).  
Our  proposed  operations  require  that  the  PIC  must  hold  at  least  airline  transport,  commercial,  private, 
recreational, or sport pilot certificate. Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we 
meet  the  intent  of  61.113  Subparagraph  (b)  even  though  the  intent  of  this  application  is  to  conduct  a 
business.  
 

14 C.F.R. 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As 
there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for  the aircraft,  should this exemption be  granted, no 
FAA  regulatory  standard  will  exist  for  determining  airworthiness.  Given  the  size  of  the  aircraft  and  the 
requirements contained herein for the use of safety check lists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of 
safety will be provided. 

 

14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
Section  91.9  (b)  (2)  provides:  This  regulation  provides  that  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  unless  a 
current,  approved  flight  manual  is  in  the  aircraft.    The  SUASs,  given  its  size  and  configuration  has  no 
ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, 

                                                                                                                               5 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
but because there is no room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.  The equivalent level of 
safety  will  be  maintained  by  keeping  the  SUASs  operation  manual  and  appropriate  checklists  at  the 
ground  control  point  where  the  pilot  flying  the  SUASs  will  have  immediate  access  to  it.  The  FAA  has 
issued  the  following  exemptions  to  this  regulation:  Exemption  Nos.  8607,  8737,  8738,  9299,  9299A, 
9565, 95658, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 

 

14 C.F.R. 91.103: Preflight action 
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the safety 
of  flight.  As  FAA  approved  rotorcraft  flight  manuals  will  not  be  provided  for  the  aircraft  an  exemption 
will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth hereinabove. The Operator will 
take  all  actions  including  reviewing  weather,  flight  battery  requirements,  landing  and  takeoff  distances 
and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight using appropriate checklists. 

 

14 C.F.R. 91.109: Flight instruction: 
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that 
is  being  used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.      SUASs  and 
remotely  piloted  aircraft,  by  their  design  do  not  have  fully  functional  dual  controls.  Flight  control  is 
accomplished through the use of a radio transmitter that communicates with the aircraft via a receiver 
in the SUASs. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without fully functional dual controls 
for  a  number  of  aircraft  and  for  flight  instruction  in  experimental  aircraft.  See  Exemption  5778K  & 
9862A.  The  equivalent  level  of  safety  provided  by  the  fact  that  neither  a  pilot  nor  passengers  will  be 
carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.  If a SUAS pilot is being trained, the pilot 
performing the training would be directly supervising and could take over the controls from the pilot in 
training if the need arose.  

 

14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes: General 
The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 
feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.  Since  the  typical  mission  of  the  SUAS  would  be 
photography or survey of persons, vessels, vehicles or structures it would be necessary to operate closer 
than  500  feet  to  the  items  listed.  Operations  will  only  be  flown  over  property  or  persons  where 
permission  has  been  obtained  and  careful  preplanned  has  been  performed.  The  aircraft  will  be 
operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to 
persons  or  property  on  the  surface.  Therefore  we  maintain  that  due  to  the  small  size  of the  UAS,  the 
hazard  to  persons,  vehicles  and  structures  is  minimal  compared  to  manned  aircraft,  which  should  be 
considered in granting the exemption. In addition, the lowaltitude operations of the SUASs will ensure 
separation  between  these  SUASs  operations  and  the  operations  of  conventional  aircraft  that  must 
comply with Section 91.119. 

 

                                                                                                                               6 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
14 C.F.R. 91.121 Altimeter Settings 
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter setting 
available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The SUAS will always fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to 
maintain  cruising  altitudes  in  order  to  prevent  conflict  with  other  aircraft.  An  Above  Ground  Level 
altimeter  measurement  above  the  takeoff  point  is  transmitted  via  radio  from  the  SUAS  onboard 
computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly updated AGL readout. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under dayVFR conditions unless 
there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30 
minutes.  We  feel  the  intention  of  this  paragraph  is  to  provide  an  energy  reserve  as  a  safety  buffer  for 
delays to landing.  Since the aircraft will never fly more than 3/4 NM from the point of intended landing, 
a  full  battery  charge  at  launch  will  ensure  that  we  meet  the  reserve  energy  requirement  of  this 
paragraph.  We  request  an  exemption  to  the  word  "fuel"  and  ask  for  an  equivalent  interpretation  with 
the word "energy". We also request exemption from the 30 min reserve and ask that our reserve will be 
to  fly  the  mission  to  the  point  of  intended  landing  and  have  at  least  a  20%  battery  reserve  after  that.   
Similar exemptions have  been granted to other operations, including  Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, 
and 10808. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
The  SUASs  fully  loaded  weighs  no  more  than  55  lbs.  and  typically  less  than  20  lbs.  And  is  operated 
without  an  onboard  pilot.  As  such,  there  is  no  ability  or  place  to  carry  certification  and  registration 
documents or to display them on the SUASs.  An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping 
these  documents  at  the  ground  control  point  where  the  operator/pilot  flying  the  SUASs  will  have 
immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable to the SUASs. The FAA has issued numerous 
exemptions  to  this  regulation.  A  representative  sample  of  other  exceptions  includes  Exemption  9565, 
9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797 A, 9816A, and 10700. 

 
14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections 
These  regulations  require  that  an  aircraft  operator  or  owner  "shall  have  that  aircraft  inspected  as 
prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in 
paragraph of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter ... ," and 
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43. 

Given  that  these  section  and  Part  43  apply  only  to  aircraft  with  an  airworthiness  certificate,  and  the 
requirements  of  preflight  inspection  required  herein,  these  sections  will  not  apply  to  the  applicant. 
Routine and preflight maintenance will be accomplished by the operator. An equivalent level of safety 
will  be  achieved  because  these  SUASs  are  very  limited  in  size  and  will  carry  a  very  small  payload  and 
operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the SUASs can land 
immediately  and  given  its  small  size  poses  very  little  risk  to  persona  or  property.  The  operator  will 
ensure  that  the  SUASs  is  in  working  order  prior  to  initiating  flight,  perform  required  maintenance,  and 
keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the 
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level 
of  safety.    The  PIC  will  document  work  performed  in  accordance  with  91.417.  We  feel  that  due  to  the 
size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety.  

                                                                                                                               7 
 
          Timberland Media, Inc.

        
 
 
200foot "blanket" COA  
The  Petitioner  request  an  exemption  from  the  current  "blanket"  200foot  COA  which  allows  flights 
anywhere  in  the  country  except  restricted  airspace,  for  flight  up  to  400  foot  GL  in  elevation  on 
forestlands only.  One of the main uses of the SUAS would be to take video and photography of Pacific 
Northwest timberlands where the trees are likely to be 100150 feet tall and the terrain is mountainous.  
The  200  foot  limit  would  reduce  the  safety  margin  for  operating  the  SUAS  in  areas  of  large  timber.  
Because of these factors; tall trees and steep terrain, we would prefer to operate within the 400 foot GL 
restriction on forestlands, we would operate in the 200 foot "blanket" or apply for a specific COA for all 
other uses. 
 
Privacy 
 
All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior consent 
and  knowledge.  SUAS  flights  will  be  in  areas  where  the  owners  will  have  consented  to  the  use  or 
otherwise have agreed to allow the SUAS and the Petitioner to be in the area where SUAS use will take 
place. 
 
Conclusions 
 
Our  use  of  an  SUAS  for  timberland  aerial  imaging  will  benefit  the  public  by  better  information, 
communication and research on forestlands.  Large timberland tracts can be tens of thousands of acres, 
which  makes  gathering  imagery  of  the  land  challenging.    Using  the  SUAS  will  allow  us  to  obtain 
landscape level perspective on land that would otherwise be difficult to survey.   
 
The SUAS can aid in obtaining measurements of forest lands which will assist in improved management 
and  stewardship  of  these  resources.      Most  often,  large  forestland  tracts  are  in  remote  or  very  steep 
areas, which are only accessible via hiking.  The amount of area a SUAS may cover in a short amount of 
time  far  outreaches  the  area  that  could  be  covered  on  foot.    Furthermore,  the  SUAS  provides  a  better 
perspective in terms of the total landscape, which aids in the overall understanding of each section.   
 
The  operation  of  SUASs,  weighing  less  than  55  lbs.,  conducted  in  the  conditions  outlined  above,  will 
provide  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  supporting  the  grant  of  the  exemptions  requested  herein.  These 
lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in sparselypopulated forestlands. 
As a result, they are far safer than conventional operations conducted with manned aircraft operating in 
close proximity to the ground and people. 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Richard N. LaMont 
President  
Timberland Media Inc. 
5855 NW Vineyard Drive 
Corvallis, OR 97330 
5417457131 
www.TimberlandMedia.com 

                                                                                                                               8 
 
