July 27, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12157
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1678

Mr. Toby R. Brusseau
10652 Canyon Place
Rapid City, SD 57702

Dear Mr. Brusseau:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                            2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Toby R. Brusseau is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Toby R. Brusseau is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL
                                   AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                                           WASHINGTON, DC

              IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
                                      Toby Brusseau Photography

   FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE REQUIREMENTS OF
 TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS SECTIONS 61.113(a) &

                      (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
      91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), AND 91.417(a) & (b) CONCERNING COMMERCIAL

           OPERATION OF CARBON CORE QUADCOPTER/DJI INSPIRE 1
                                UNMANNEDAIRCRAFT SYSTEMS
                                 PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF

THE FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012 (PUBLIC LAW 112-95)

                                                                                 Submitted on May 6, 2015
                                                                                          Toby Ray Brusseau

                                                                         10652 Canyon Place, Rapid City,
                                                                               South Dakota 605-484-8500
TABLE OF CONTENTS

                   Page

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS....................................................................................3
SUMMARY............................................................................................................................4
INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF PETITIONER....................................................4
BACKGROUND....................................................................................................................4
BASIS FOR
PETITION..............................................................................................................................5

NAME AND ADDRESS OF PETITIONER.........................................................................8

THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH Toby Ray Brusseau SEEKS
EXEMPTION.........................................................................................................................8

THE EXTENT OF RELIEF Toby Ray Brusseau SEEKS AND THE REASON Toby Ray
Brusseau SEEKS THE RELIEF...........................................................................................12

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING Toby Ray Brusseau's REQUEST
WOULD BE IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST .......................................................................15

THE REASONS WHY GRANTING THE EXEMPTION WOULD NOT ADVERSELY
AFFECT SAFETY...............................................................................................................18

SUMMARY THAT CAN BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER..................36

ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, VIEWS, OR ARGUMENTS AVAILABLE TO
SUPPORT Toby Ray Brusseau's REQUEST......................................................................36

CONCLUSION....................................................................................................................37
APPENDICES.....................................................................................................................38

                                                                                                                                         2
AGL          GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS
AOI
ATC            Above Ground Level
ATO            Area of Interest
AV             Air Traffic Control
CFR            Air Traffic Organization
COA            Aerial Vehicle
FAA            Code of Federal Regulations
FAR            Certificate of Authorization
GCS            Federal Aviation Administration
GPS            Federal Aviation Regulation
LOL            Ground Control Station
NAS            Global Positioning System
NOTAM          Loss of Link
PIC            National Airspace System
Section 333    Notice to Airman
               Pilot In Command
SO             FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333
SOP
UA             Safety Observer
UAS            Standard Operating Procedures
VFR            Unmanned Aircraft
VLOS           Unmanned Aircraft System
VMC            Visual Flight Rules
VTOL           Visual Line of Site
               Visual Meteorological Conditions
               Vertical Takeoff and Landing

             3
                                                 SUMMARY
         Toby Ray Brusseau seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a)
& (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a) (2), and
91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA). This exemption will permit to operate an
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) for the commercial purpose of conducting aerial video and
photography of forest service operations, construction sites, real estate and landscape over
certain areas of the United States.

                INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Toby Ray Brusseau provides his clients with expertise and knowledge in advanced
photography and video solutions to increase efficiency, productivity and effectiveness. Toby
Ray Brusseau has over 10 years of experience in Photographic and Video Technology 4 years
recreational and hobby experience in all aspects of aerial video and photography. The
objective of Toby Ray Brusseau's aerial video and Photography operations is to provide high
quality imaging for a variety of commercial, public, and residential uses, specifically
targeting:
Forest Service Survey Operations
Real-estate marketing and Appraisals
Construction sites before, after and during
Aerial acquisitions used for inspections of public and private structures.
Search and Rescue operations

                                                                                                                 4
                                              BACKGROUND
         Unmanned Aircraft Systems: DJI Inspire 1 Quadcopter Toby Ray Brusseau seeks an
exemption to operate DJI Inspire 1 for compensation or hire within the NAS. The DJI Inspire
1 is a vertical take off and landing (VTOL) Unmanned Aircraft (UA) with a Ground Control
Station (GCS) Utilizing a 5.3Mhz Remote Control system. The DJI Inspire 1 has a maximum
gross weight of approximately 6 pounds 5 ounces, while having a width of 40 inches and a
height of 15 inches, and a maximum speed of approximately 43 knots.
         The Inspire 1 has a maximum gross weight of 6 pounds 5 ounces, a length of
18.3 inches, width of 17.7 inches, height of 7.48 inches, and a maximum speed of
Approximately 43 knots. Inspire 1 is equipped with 4 main rotors; utilizing Lithium Polymer
batteries to power the electric motors.
         The Inspire 1 that will be operated by Toby Ray Brusseau will be registered in
accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R Part 47,
Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification and
Registration Marking.

                                         BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Toby Ray Brusseau, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA), Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions
the Administrator to commercially operate the Inspire 1 in the National Airspace System
(NAS), and for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R §§ 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a),
91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                                 5
In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the
unmanned aircraft and its operation, Toby Ray Brusseau's operation of the Inspire 1 meets the
conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Accordingly, Toby Ray Brusseau requests relief from Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), as these sections set forth
requirements for maintenance that only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.
Toby Ray Brusseau submits that the requested relief is proper since an equivalent level of
safety will be ensured. Toby Ray Brusseau will use experienced personnel or technicians to
perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the UAS's using the methods,
techniques, and practices prescribed in the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance
Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Toby Ray Brusseau will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1.

         Relief from certain requirements of Section 61.113(a) and (b), entitled Private pilot
privileges and limitations: Pilot in command, is requested by Toby Ray Brusseau to the extent
necessary to allow a Pilot in Command (PIC) holding a private pilot or higher level certificate,
as well as an airman medical certificate, and who has demonstrated, by meeting minimum
flight- hour and current requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 in
a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Toby Ray Brusseau seeks relief from Section 91.7(a), entitled Civil aircraft
airworthiness, because the DJI Inspire 1 do not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. As such, Toby Ray Brusseau submits that he

                                                                                                                 6
will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 is in an airworthy condition, prior to every flight, by
determining that the UAS's are in compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly
Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual), and that the aircraft are in a
condition for safe flight.

       Toby Ray Brusseau also seeks an exemption from the requirements of Section 91.121,
entitled Altimeter Settings, as the DJI Inspire 1will not have a typical barometric altimeter
onboard. However, altitude information of the DJI Inspire 1 will be provided to the PIC via
Global Positioning System (GPS) equipment and radio communications telemetry data link,
which downlinks from the UAS to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path. This
altitude information, combined with Toby Ray Brusseau's operation of the DJI Inspire 1
within visual line of sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent
to Section 91.121.

         Additionally, Toby Ray Brusseau seeks an exemption from the requirements
of Section 91.151(b), entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions. Toby Ray
Brusseau submits that safety will not be affected by operation of the DJI Inspire 1 during
daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) under visual flight rules (VFR),
with enough battery power to fly for a total duration of approximately 10 minutes for the
intended photo shoot and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 2.5
minutes for recovery and landing.

         In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Toby Ray Brusseau provides the following
information in support of its petition for exemption:

                                                                                                                 7
A. Name And Address Of The Petitioner
The name and address of the Petitioner and point of contact is:
Toby Ray Brusseau 10652 Canyon Place, Rapid City, SD 605-484-8500
Email: tobyrbrusseau@gmail.com
B. The Specific Sections Of 14 C.F.R. From Which Toby Ray Brusseau seeks Exemption
1. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a)
And (b).
Section 61.113, entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command,
subsections (a) and (b) prescribe the following, in relevant part:
(a) No person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command (PIC) of an
aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that person,
for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with
any business or employment if--
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
2. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a)
Section 91.7, entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, subsection (a), states the
following:
(a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy condition.
3. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121.
Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, subsection (a), states the following, in
part:

                                                                                                                 8
(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of that
aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100 nautical
miles of the aircraft;
(ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the
current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure airport
or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.
4. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section91.151(b).
Section 91.151, entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions, subsection (b), states
the following:
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless (considering
wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.
5. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirement Of Section91.405(a).
Section 91.405, entitled Maintenance required, subsection (a), states the following:
Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between
required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter[.]
6. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.407(a)(1)
Section 91.407, entitled Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

                                                                                                                 9
rebuilding, or alteration, subsection (a)(1), states the following:
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance, preventive
maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless--
(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of this
chapter.
7. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections
91.409(a)(1) And 91.409(a)(2).
Section 91.409, entitled Inspections, subsection (a), states the following:
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate an
aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had --
(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has been approved for
return to service by a person authorized by § 43.7 of this chapter or
(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of
this chapter.
8. Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.417(a)
And 91.417(b).
Section 91.417, entitled Maintenance records, subsections (a) and (b), state the
following:
(a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§ 91.411 and 91.413, each registered
owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b)
of this section:
(1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records of the
100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate, for

                                                                                                               10
each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an
aircraft. The records must include--
(i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the work performed;
and
(ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
(iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for return to
service.
(2) Records containing the following information:
(i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and each rotor.
(ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller, rotor, and
appliance.
(iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are required to be
overhauled on a specified time basis.
(iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last inspection
required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its appliances are maintained.
(v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety directives
including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or Safety directive number and
revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves recurring action, the time and date when
the next action is required.
(vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by § 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major alteration to the
airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                                                                                                               11
(1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the work is
repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
(2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and transferred
with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
(3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11 of this chapter
shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return to service.
C. The Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau
Seeks The Relief.
1. Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks
Relief From Section 61.113(a) And (b).

         Relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) entitled Private pilot privileges and limitations:
Pilot in command, is requested to the extent necessary to allow a PIC holding a private pilot
or higher level certificate, as well as a current and valid airman medical certificate, and who
has met certain flight-hour and currency requirements, to conduct the proposed UAS flight
operations for compensation or hire.

         This relief is requested since the limitations set forth in Section 61.113(a) and (b) state
that a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as PIC of an aircraft in connection with
any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

         As set forth more fully below, Toby Ray Brusseau submits that an equivalent level of
safety will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate the DJI Inspire 1 unless
that PIC has met certain flight-hour and And current requirements, demonstrating that the PIC

                                                                                                               12
is able to safely operate either the DJI Inspire 1 in a manner consistent with the operations
specifications as described in this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers, as
well as maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
Further, Toby Ray Brusseau submits that all flights of the DJI Inspire 1 conducted by the PIC
pursuant to the grant of this Petition: (1) will be incidental to Toby Ray Brusseau's business;
and (2) will not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
2.Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau From
Section 91.7(a).

         Relief from Section 91.7(a) entitled Civil aircraft airworthiness, is requested to the
extent required to allow Toby Ray Brusseau to determine that the DJI Inspire 1 are in
airworthy condition prior to every flight by ensuring that the UAS is in compliance with the
operating documents (i.e., the Monthly Maintenance Log and DJI Inspire 1 manuals.
Toby Ray Brusseau seeks the requested relief because the DJI Inspire 1 does not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Therefore, Toby
Ray Brusseau will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 is in airworthy condition based upon its
compliance with the operating documents (i.e., Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1
Instruction Manual) prior to every flight, and further, determine that the aircraft are in
condition for safe flight, as stated in the conditions and limitations below.
3. Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks
Relief From Section 91.121.

           Relief from Section 91.121, entitled Altimeter settings, may be required to allow
flight operations of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's, which utilize a barometric pressure sensor, GPS
equipment, and a radio communications telemetry data link to downlink altitude information

                                                                                                               13
from the UA to the PIC at the ground control station (GCS). Since the FAA requires that any
altitude information concerning UAS operations be reported to air traffic control (ATC) in
feet above ground level (AGL), Toby Ray Brusseau seeks the requested relief because the DJI
Inspire 1's altimeter may be set on the ground to zero feet AGL, rather than the local
barometric pressure or field altitude, before each flight.

         Considering the limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR 91.121
is sought to the extent necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations
stated below. As more fully set forth herein, an equivalent level of safety will
be maintained since the DJI Inspire 1 is equipped with a barometric pressure sensor and GPS
equipment, which automatically ensures that a ground level pressure setting will be
established prior to each flight, and provides the PIC with altitude information of the UA on
the heads-up display of the GCS.
4. Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks
Relief From Section 91.151(b).

         Relief from Section 91.151(b) entitled Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, is requested to the extent required to allow flights of the battery powered DJI
Inspire 1 during daylight hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight
rules (VFR), for a total duration of 10 minutes to the first point of intended landing and,
assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 2.5 minutes. Toby Ray Brusseau
seeks the requested relief because without an exemption from Section 91.151(b), the flight
time duration of the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 will severely constrain the practicality of
any aerial video or still photo flight operations that Toby Ray Brusseau proposes to conduct
pursuant to this Petition.

                                                                                                               14
         Significantly, as set forth below, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1
operating documents and Toby Ray Brusseau's proposed operating limitations, ensure that
Toby Ray Brusseau will safely operate the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 during daylight
hours in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), under visual flight rules (VFR), with
enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 12 minutes to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 2.5 minutes.
5.Extent Of Relief Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks And The Reason Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks
Relief From Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) & (b).

         Since Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b)
only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, Toby Ray Brusseau requests
relief from these Sections because the DJI Inspire 1 does not require airworthiness certificates.
As set forth more fully below, the DJI Inspire 1 meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333
for operation without an airworthiness certificate. Accordingly, Toby Ray Brusseau will use
trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations, or preventive maintenance on the
UAS's using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the UAS operating
documents (i.e., the Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log, and DJI Inspire 1
Instruction Manual). Furthermore, Toby Ray Brusseau will document
and maintain all maintenance records for DJI Inspire 1.
D. The Reasons Why Granting Toby Ray Brusseau Request Would Be In The Interest;
That Is, How It Would Benefit The Public As A Whole.

         Granting the present Petition will further the public interest by allowing Toby Ray
Brusseau to safely, efficiently, and economically perform aerial video and photography of
construction sites, real estate, and landscape over certain areas of the United States.

                                                                                                               15
Additionally, use of the DJI Inspire 1 will decrease congestion of the NAS, reduce pollution,
and provide significant benefits to the economy. Notably, the benefits of Toby Ray Brusseau's
proposed operation of the DJI Inspire 1 will be realized without implicating any privacy
issues.
1.The Public Will Benefit From Decreased Congestion Of The NAS.

         The DJI Inspire 1 is battery powered and serves as a safe, efficient, and economical
alternative to the manned aircraft traditionally utilized to obtain aerial imagery. By reducing
the amount of manned aircraft needed to perform aerial acquisitions, an exemption allowing
the use of the DJI Inspire 1 would reduce the amount of manned aircraft in the NAS, reduce
noise and air pollution, as well as increase the safety of life and property in the air and on the
ground.

         Furthermore, by reducing the number of manned aircraft operating in the NAS,
congestion around airports caused by arriving and departing aircraft will be reduced. The DJI
Inspire 1 does not require an airport to takeoff or land. Likewise, a reduction of manned
aircraft conducting aerial video and photography missions would result in fewer aircraft that
must be handled by air traffic control during the ground, takeoff, departure, arrival, and
landing phases of flight operations.
2. The Public Will Benefit From The Safety And Efficiency Of The DJI Inspire 1.

         Conducting aerial acquisitions with the DJI Inspire 1 instead of manned aircraft, will
greatly benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution
generated during traditional aerial video and still photography flight operations. By using
battery power and electric motors, the DJI Inspire 1 produces no air pollution, and is the most
viable environmentally conscious alternative to the cabin class, six cylinder internal

                                                                                                               16
combustion engine aircraft that are typically utilized for aerial video and photography
while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel. The DJI Inspire
1, while reducing the carbon footprint of aerial acquisitions, also eliminates noise pollution, as
the UA's are propelled by battery powered electric motors, rather than an internal combustion
engine.

         By using the DJI Inspire 1 to perform aerial acquisitions, the substantial risk to life and
property in the air and on the ground, which is usually associated with traditional manned
aircraft flight operations, will be substantially reduced or completely eliminated. Aside from
the lack of flight crew members located onboard the aircraft, the DJI Inspire 1 (weighing
approximately 6 pounds 5 ounces and, at their maximum gross weights with respectively (and
with no fuel on board) has less physical potential for collateral damage to life and property on
the ground, and in the air, compared to the manned aircraft that typically conduct similar
operations (weighing approximately 6,000 pounds, and a fuel capacity of 180 gallons).
3. Performing Aerial Video and Photography Operations With The DJI Inspire 1 Will
Benefit The Economy.

         In addition to being safe and efficient, the DJI Inspire 1 is also an economical
alternative to using manned aircraft to conduct similar aerial operations. As such, operation of
the DJI Inspire 1 will allow United States based companies, like Toby Ray Brusseau's to
remain competitive and contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Specifically, with the
rising cost of aviation fuel and the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") regulatory
actions phasing out leaded aviation fuels, U.S. owned and operated companies must adopt
new and alternative technology in order to remain competitive. Operating the battery powered
DJI Inspire 1 is one such technology that not only allows companies greater operational

                                                                                                               17
flexibility compared to manned aircraft, but provides such flexibility without the high
operational cost of a traditional manned aircraft.

         By operating the DJI Inspire 1, companies such as Toby Ray Brusseau's can remain
competitive and profitable and therefore, provide greater job stability to employees and
contractors, which will ultimately contribute to growth of the U.S. economy. Improved
financial performance of U.S. companies, through commercial use of the DJI Inspire 1,
provides a stable workforce that increases consumer spending, improves local, state, and
federal tax revenues and allows companies to invest in research and development in order to
remain competitive both in the United States and abroad.
4.There Are No Privacy Issues.

         Similar to the manned aerial acquisition flight operations that have been conducted for
decades, Toby Ray Brusseau's proposed operation of the DJI Inspire 1 will not implicate any
privacy issues. Specifically, the DJI Inspire 1 will be operated only in compliance with
operating documents documents (i.e. Aerial Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance Log,
and the DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual's) which requires property owner involvement as
well as local law enforcement notification, and in accordance with the Federal Aviation
Regulations, including the minimum altitude requirements of 14 C.F. R. § 91.119.
E. The Reasons Why Granting The Exemption Would Not Adversely Affect Safety, Or
How The Exemption Would Provide A Level Of Safety At Least Equal To That
Provided By The Rule From Which Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption.
1. Reasons Why The DJI Inspire 1 Meet's The Conditions Of The FAA Modernization
and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) Section 333.

                                                                                                               18
         In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with
the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Toby Ray Brusseau's operation of the DJI Inspire 1
meet the conditions of FMRA Section 333, and will not require an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

         Section 333 provides authority for a UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification and sets forth requirements for considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national security. Specifically,
FMRA Section 333 states the following, in part:
(a) In General--Notwithstanding any other requirement of this subtitle, and not later than 180
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall determine if
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system before
completion of the plan and rulemaking required by section 332 of this Act or the guidance
required by section 334 of this Act.
(b) Assessment of Unmanned Aircraft Systems.--In making the determination under subsection
(a), the Secretary shall determine, at a minimum--
(1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual
line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or
pose a threat to national security; and
(2) whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification
under section 44704 of title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned
aircraft systems identified under paragraph (1).

                                                                                                               19
(c) Requirements for Safe Operation.--If the Secretary determines under this section that
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the
national airspace system.

         In seeking this exemption, Toby Ray Brusseau submits that the DJI Inspire 1 can
operate safely in the NAS pursuant to FMRA Section 333, as demonstrated by: (a) the
characteristics of the DJI Inspire 1; (b) the pilot certification requirement; and (c) the specific
operating limitations.
a. The Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1 Demonstrates Its Safe Characteristics.

         The DJI Inspire 1 does not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security considering its size, weight, speed, and operational
capability.
i. Technical Specifications Of The DJI Inspire 1
The technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 are set forth by the DJI Inspire 1
Specifications and Data Sheet, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
ii. The DJI Inspire 1 Autonomous Flight And Navigation Modes Enable The UAS's To
Remain Within A Defined Operational Area.
The DJI Inspire 1 may be operated in both manual and fully autonomous flight modes. The
DJI Inspire 1 may be operated in manual flight mode only. A complete description of the
flight and navigational modes of the DJI Inspire 1 is provided at pages 12-33 of the DJI
Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
Iii. The DJI Inspire 1 Are Designed For Automatic Return To Home Point Or Hover In
The Event Of Loss Of The Control Link Or Navigation.

                                                                                                               20
         When the Control Link is lost, the DJI Inspire 1 will remain stationary in flight, for 3
seconds or more. If, after 3 seconds, the DJI Inspire 1 due not reacquire control link data from
the GCS, the UAS will assume that the Control Link is lost and the UAS will return to the
home position (i.e., failsafe mode) via GPS, and will descend to the takeoff position and
shutdown.

         A complete description of the Failsafe Functions of the DJI Inspire 1 are set forth at
pages 10 through 17 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals, attached hereto as Exhibit A.
iv. The DJI Inspire 1 GCS And Its Operation.
A complete description of the operation and specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 GCS and flight
control software is provided at pages 12 through 43 of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manual. The DJI
Inspire 1 User Manuals are attached hereto as Exhibit A.
b. Flight Operations Of DJI Inspire 1 Are Limited To The Line Of Sight Of A
Certificated Pilot in Command With A Safety Observer.
Toby Ray Brusseau will only utilize certificated pilots who possess a current and valid airman
medical certificate to act as a pilot in command (PIC) of the DJI Inspire 1. Additionally, a
safety observer will assist all pilots during flight time.
c. Flights Of DJI Inspire 1 Will Be Conducted Pursuant To Specific Operating
Limitations.

         In seeking this exemption, Toby Ray Brusseau proposes to commercially operate DJI
Inspire 1 for the special purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain
areas of United States, pursuant to the following specific operating limitations:
1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption will be limited to the following aircraft
described in the operating documents, rotorcraft UAS's weighing less than 55 pounds

                                                                                                               21
maximum gross weight: DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft Systems. Proposed operations of
any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.
2. UAS operations under this exemption will be limited to conducting operations for the
purpose of aerial video and photography.
3. The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 20 knots.
4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
(AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents unless a special
request is made and approved by ATC. All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
5. The UA's must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than corrective
lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.
6. The use of first person view (FPV) by the PIC or safety observer (SO) is not permitted.
7. All operations must utilize a safety observer (SO). The SO may be used to satisfy the
VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The SO and PIC
must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic messaging or texting is not
permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the SO
can perform the functions prescribed in the operating documents.
8. The SO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not permitted to
operate the camera or other instruments.
9. The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists

                                                                                                               22
between the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of exemption and the procedures
outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations contained in the grant of
exemption take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present
updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also
present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment to the grant
of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis
upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment to
its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if
questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operating documents.
10. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure that it is in a condition for safe
flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the
aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and
the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be
included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.
11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in
the aircraft records.

                                                                                                               23
12. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the operating
documents.
13. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
14. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
alterations, and status of replacement/overhaul component parts must be noted in the aircraft
records, including total time in service, description of work accomplished, and the signature
of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.
Each UAS's operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety
Bulletins.
15. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action

    taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
16. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third-class

    medical certificate.
17. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC meets the operator's

    qualification criteria and demonstrates the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
    consistent with how the UAS will be operated under the exemption, including evasive and
    emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels,
    vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours must be logged in a manner
    consistent with 14 C.F.R. §61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's
    PIC's are permitted under the terms of the exemption. However, training operations may

                                                                                                               24
    only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
    experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
    nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
    nonparticipants in accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 91.119.
18. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If flight at
    night is required, a special request will be made at the FAA office closest to proposed area
    of operations. Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
19. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted
    on a current FAA published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that
    airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a
    NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement with the airport
    management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.
20.The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
21.If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-determined
location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the
operating documents.
22.The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.
23.The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended
landing point and land the UAS with 25% battery power remaining.

                                                                                                               25
    24.The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
    or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under the grant of exemption. This
    COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72
    hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation. All operations shall be
    conducted in accordance with airspace requirements in the ATO issued COA including class
    of airspace, altitude level and potential transponder requirements.
    25.All aircraft operated in accordance with the exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 47, and have identification (N-Number)
    markings in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as
    practicable.
26. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of
    the UAS must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
    appropriate government oversight agency requirements.
27. The documents required fewer than 14 C.F.R. 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at
    the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents must
    be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
28. The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.
29. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
30. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons
    (persons other than the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons), vessels, vehicles, and
    structures unless:

                                                                                                                    26
a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons from the
UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure that nonparticipating
persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where nonparticipating persons
leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease
immediately and/or;
b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of
such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
present an undue hazard, and;
c. Operations nearer to the PIC, SO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an
undue hazard to those persons per § 91.119(a).
31. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land
owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.
32. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the
FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the
National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web
site: www.ntsb.gov.
2. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 61.113(a) And (b)
Would Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         Toby Ray Brusseau submits that the equivalent level of safety established by Section
61.113(a) and (b) will be maintained because no PIC will be allowed to operate

                                                                                                               27
the DJI Inspire 1 unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour and
currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS in a
manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

         Considering Toby Ray Brusseau's proposed area of operations, and the operating
limitations set forth-above; the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge
requirements to those of commercial pilot requirements (See Exemption No. 11062); and the
airmanship skills necessary to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS, Toby Ray Brusseau
submits that the additional manned airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot
would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for Toby Ray Brusseau 's specific
proposed flight operations.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 61.113(a) and (b) specific to
UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g.
Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11112,
11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).

         Toby Ray Brusseau will not allow any PIC to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless
that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum flight-hour requirements of the DJI Inspire 1
UAS training and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire
1 UAS in a manner consistent with this exemption, including evasive and emergency
maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and
structures.

         Specifically, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with
14 C.F.R. § 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot (with a minimum of 5

                                                                                                               28
hours of those hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used
for operations under the exemption). In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must
accomplish 3 takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes).

         As in Exemption Nos. 11062, 11138, and 11153, prior documented flight experience
that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations will ensure an equivalent level of
safety during Toby Ray Brusseau's proposed operations. The Administrator has held that prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations
would ensure safe operations, stating as follows:

         In Exemption No. 11062, the FAA required that prior to conducting operations for the
purpose of motion picture filming (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and
logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), 25 hours of total time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior
to operations under Exemption No. 11062, the PIC must also have accumulated and logged a
minimum of 5 hours as a UAS pilot operating the same make and model of UAS to be used
for operations under the exemption. For clarification, the FAA considers these minimum hour
requirements to be inclusive rather than additive; i.e. 5 hours make and model time may be
included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time and the 10 hours may be included in the total 25
hours of UAS rotorcraft time. In addition to the hour requirements, the PIC must accomplish 3
takeoffs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). The FAA finds that at
a minimum, the flight-hour requirements in Exemption No. 11062 are appropriate to practice
and build proficiency in the skills necessary to safely conduct the petitioner's proposed
operations. The FAA also finds that prior documented flight experience that was obtained in
compliance with applicable regulations would satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency,

                                                                                                               29
and experience-building flights can also be conducted under the grant of exemption to
accomplish the required flight time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building
flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in accordance with 14
C.F.R 91.119.
Exemption No. 11138 at page 15.

         Accordingly, Toby Ray Brusseau will ensure safe operations by not allowing any PIC
to operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS unless that PIC has demonstrated, by meeting minimum
flight-hour and currency requirements, that the PIC is able to safely operate the DJI Inspire 1
UAS in a manner consistent with the exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers
and maintaining appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.
3. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.7(a) Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.7(a) will be maintained
because prior to every flight, Toby Ray Brusseau will ensure that the DJI Inspire 1 UAS is in
an airworthy condition based upon the UAS's compliance with its operating documents and as
stated in the conditions and limitations herein. Additionally, the FAA has previously granted
relief from Section 91.7(a) specific to UAS, in circumstances similar, in all material respects,
to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159,
11160, 11161).
4. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.121 Would Not
Adversely Affect Safety.

                                                                                                               30
         The equivalent level of safety established by Section 91.121 will be maintained
because the altitude information of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's will be provided to the PIC via
GPS equipment and a radio communications telemetry data link, which downlinks from the
UA to the GCS for active monitoring of the flight path and altitude. This altitude information,
combined with Toby Ray Brusseau's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UA's within visual line of
sight, at or below 400 feet AGL, will ensure a level of safety equivalent to Section 91.121.
The altitude information will be generated by GPS equipment installed on board the aircraft.
Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point is automatically established by the UAS's at
ground level.

         The FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.121 specific to UAS, in
circumstances similar, in all material respects, to those presented herein (e.g. Exemption
Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080, 11109, 11112, 11136, 11138,
11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159, 11160, 11161).
5. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Section 91.151(b) Would
Not Adversely Affect Safety.

         A grant of this exemption would ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14
C.F.R. Section 91.151(b) as a result of (1) the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1
UAS's; (2) the limitations on the proposed flight operations; and (3) the location of the
proposed flight operations. Accordingly, Toby Ray Brusseau will ensure that he will safely
operate the battery powered DJI Inspire 1 UA's during daylight hours in VFR conditions, with
enough battery power to fly for a total duration of 10 minutes to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 2.5 minutes.

                                                                                                               31
Here, as in Exemption No. 11109, the technical specifications of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's the
limitations on the proposed flight operations and the the location of the proposed operations,
will ensure an equivalent level of safety established by 14 C.F.R. Section 91.151(b).
Furthermore, safety will be ensured as DJI Inspire 1 UAS's provide audible and visual
warnings to the PIC at the GCS when the UA's experiences low battery voltage, the first
warning occurring at approximately 33% remaining battery power, and again at
approximately 10% remaining battery power. At the critically low battery level, the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS's will descend and land automatically.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Section 91.151
establish that safety is not adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating
limitations of the UAS are considered. Relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate
at less than the minimums prescribed in Section 91.151, including Exemption Nos. 2689,
5745, and 10650. Moreover, the FAA has previously granted relief from Section 91.151
specific to UAS in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented herein
(e.g. Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, 10673, 11042, 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066,
11067, 11080, 11109, 11110, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159,
11160, 11161).
6. Reasons Why An Exemption From The Requirements Of Sections 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), And 91.417(a) &(b) Would Not Adversely Affect
Safety.

         In seeking this exemption, Toby Ray Brusseau submits that the equivalent level of
safety with regard to the regulatory maintenance and alteration requirements established by
Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) will be met

                                                                                                               32
because Toby Ray Brusseau will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations,
or preventive maintenance on the UAS's using the methods, techniques, and practices
prescribed in the operating documents i.e., the Operations Manual, Monthly Maintenance
Log, and DJI Inspire 1 Instruction Manual. Furthermore, Toby Ray Brusseau will document
and maintain all maintenance records for the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's.
Since the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's will be inspected as prescribed by the operating documents,
Toby Ray Brusseau will maintain the equivalent level of safety established by Sections
91.405(a), 91.409(a)(1), and 91.409(a)(2). A copy of the DJI Inspire 1 User Manuals are
attached hereto as Exhibit B; a copy of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS Maintenance LOG is attached
hereto as Exhibit C.

         Likewise, the exemption sought will not adversely affect safety because Toby Ray
Brusseau will use trained technicians to perform maintenance, alterations or preventive
maintenance on the UAS using the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed by the
operating documents.

         Furthermore, the exemption sought would maintain an equivalent level of safety
Established by Sections 91.407, 91.417(a) and 91.417(b), because all maintenance of the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS's will be performed by trained technicians. Maintenance will be documented
and maintained utilizing the monthly maintenance log.

         Significantly, previous exemptions granted by the FAA concerning Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b) establish that safety is not
adversely affected when the technical characteristics and operating limitations of the UAS are
considered.

                                                                                                               33
         In consideration of Toby Ray Brusseau's proposed operating limitations, the operating
documents, and the technical aspects of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's, Toby Ray Brusseau submits
that safety will not be adversely affected by granting exemption from 14 C.F.R. Sections
91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1) and (a)(2), 91.409(a) (2), and 91.417(a) and (b). The FAA has
previously granted relief specific to UAS in circumstances similar, in all material respects, to
those presented herein (e.g. Exemption Nos. 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067,
11080, 11109, 11110, 11112, 11136, 11138, 11150, 11153, 11156, 11157, 11158, 11159,
11160, 11161).
7. The FAA May Prescribe Any Other Conditions For Safe Operation.

         In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16 entitled Special Conditions, Toby Ray Brusseau requests that
the FAA prescribe special conditions for the intended operation of DJI Inspire 1 UAS's, which
contain such safety standards that the administrator finds necessary to establish a level of
safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and 14 C.F.R §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7 (a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b). Such special conditions will permit safe operation of the UA's for the
limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain areas of the United
States for compensation or hire. FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for
considering whether a UAS will create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or
otherwise pose a threat to national security and further, provides the authority for such UAS to
operate without airworthiness certification in accordance with any requirements that must be
established for the safe operation of the UAS in the NAS.

                                                                                                               34
         Likewise, the Administrator may prescribe special conditions pursuant to 14 C.F.R.
§21.16, for operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's, since the airworthiness regulations of 14
C.F.R. Part 21 do not contain adequate or appropriate safety standards, due to the novel or
unusual design features of the aircraft. Section 21.16, entitled Special Conditions, states the
following:

         If the FAA finds that the airworthiness regulations of this subchapter do not contain
adequate or appropriate safety standards for an aircraft, aircraft engine, or propeller because of
a novel or unusual design feature of the aircraft, aircraft engine or propeller, it may prescribe
special conditions and amendments thereto for the product. The special conditions are issued
in accordance with Part 11 of this chapter and contain such safety standards for the aircraft,
aircraft engine or propeller as the FAA finds necessary to establish a level of safety equivalent
to that established in the regulations.

         See 14 C.F.R. § 21.16.
         Therefore, in accordance with FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. § 21.16, the FAA
may prescribe special conditions for Toby Ray Brusseau's intended operation of the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS's, which contain such safety standards that the administrator finds necessary to
establish a level of safety equivalent to that established by 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, and
14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b).

                                                                                                               35
F. A Summary That Can Be Published In The Federal Register stating: The Rules From
Which Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks Exemption:
Toby Ray Brusseau seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R Sections
61.113(a)&(b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2),
and 91.417(a) & (b).
A Brief Description Of The Nature Of The Exemption Toby Ray Brusseau Seeks:
This exemption will permit Toby Ray Brusseau to commercially operate an Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS) for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over
certain areas of the United States.
G. Any Additional Information, Views, Or Arguments Available To Support Toby Ray
Brusseau's Request.

         This Petition is made pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(FMRA) Section 333, which directs the Secretary of Transportation to determine if certain
UAS may operate safely in the NAS. As such, Toby Ray Brusseau request for exemption may
be granted pursuant to the authority of FMRA Section 333 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, as set forth
above.

         FMRA Section 333 sets forth the requirements for considering whether a UAS will
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public, or otherwise pose a threat to national
security and further, provides the authority for such UAS to operate without airworthiness
certification.

         As discussed in detail above, Toby Ray Brusseau will operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's
safely in the NAS, without creating a hazard to users of the NAS, or the public, or otherwise
pose a threat to national security.

                                                                                                               36
                                               CONCLUSION
         As set forth herein, Toby Ray Brusseau seeks an exemption pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
11.61 and Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA), which
will permit safe operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's commercially, without an airworthiness
certificate, for the limited purpose of conducting aerial video and photography over certain
areas of the United States.
        By granting this Petition, the FAA Administrator will be fulfilling the Congressional
mandate of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, while also advancing
the interests of the public, by allowing Toby Ray Brusseau to safely, efficiently,
and economically operate the DJI Inspire 1 UAS's commercially within the NAS.
         WHEREFORE, in accordance with the Federal Aviation Regulations and the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333, Toby Ray Brusseau respectfully
requests that the Administrator grant this Petition for an exemption from the requirements
of 14 C.F.R Sections 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) & (a)(2), and 91.417(a) & (b), and permit Toby Ray Brusseau to operate the DJI
Inspire 1 UAS's commercially for the purpose of conducting aerial video and photography
over certain areas of the United States.

Dated: May 6, 2015
Respectfully submitted,
Toby Ray Brusseau

                                                                                                               37
APPENDICES:
A - DJI Inspire 1 Specifications
B ­ DJI Inspire 1 ­ User Manual
C ­ DJI Inspire 1 - Monthly Maintenance Log

APPENDIX ­A

DJI Inspire 1 TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS

Toby Ray Brusseau only utilizes safe and reliable UAS's. DJI is an industry leader in small

UAS production. DJI UAS's are loaded with ground breaking software enabling the user to set

parameters which will not allow flight into controlled airspace. Parameters can also be set to

limit flight to no higher than a predetermined and set altitude as well as limit flight to a

predetermined and set distance. In addition, DJI software provides real-time altitude and

location information to the PIC via the linked monitor, Inspire 1 Radio Control Transmitter

Aircraft

Model                         T600
Weight (Battery Included)     2935 g
Hovering Accuracy (Gps Mode)  Vertical: 0.5 m Horizontal: 2.5 m Max
Angular Velocity              Pitch: 300°/s Yaw: 150°/s
Max Tilt Angle                35°
Max Ascent Speed              5 m/s
Max Descent Speed             4 m/s
Max Speed                     22 m/s (ATTI mode, no wind)
Max Flight Altitude           4500 m
Max Wind Speed Resistance     10 m/s

                                                                                              38
Max Flight Time              Approximately 18 minutes
Motor Model                  DJI 3510
Propeller Model              DJI 1345
Indoor Hovering              Enabled by default
Operating Temperature Range  -10° to 40° C
Diagonal Distance            559 to 581 mm
Dimensions                   438x451x301 mm

Gimbal

Model                                ZENMUSE X3
Output Power (With Camera)           Static: 9 W
In Motion: 11 W                      Operating Current
Station: 750 mA                      Motion: 900 mA
Angular Vibration Range              ±0.03°
Mounting                             Detachable
Controllable Range                   Pitch: -90° to +30° Pan: ±320°
Mechanical Range                     Pitch: -125° to +45° Pan: ±330°
Max Controllable Speed               Pitch: 120°/s Pan: 180°/s
Camera
Name                         X3
Model                        FC350
Total Pixels                 12.76M
Effective Pixels             12.4M
Image Max Size               4000x3000
Iso Range                    100-3200 (video) 100-1600 (photo)
Electronic Shutter Speed     8s/ 1/8000s
Fov (Field Of View)          94°
Cmos                         Sony EXMOR 1/2.3"

                                                                      39
Lens                          20mm (35mm format equivalent)f/2.8 focus at 

                              9 Elements in 9 groups

                              Anti-distortion

Still Photography Modes       Single shoot

                              Burst shooting: 3/5/7 frames

                              Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB): 3/5 bracketed frames at 0.7EV Bias

                              Time-lapse

Video Recording Modes         UHD (4K): 4096x2160p24/25, 3840x2160p24/25/30FHD:

Max Bitrate Of Video Storage  1920x1080p24/25/30/48/50/60
                              HD: 1280x720p24/25/30/48/50/60

                              60 Mbps

Supported File Formats        FAT32/exFAT

                              Photo: JPEG, DNG

                              Video: MP4/MOV (MPEG-4 AVC/H.264)

Supported Sd Card Types       Micro SD

                         Max capacity: 64 GB. Class 10 or UHS-1 rating required

Operating Temperature Range 0° to 40° C

Controller

Name                          C1
Operating Frequency           922.7~927.7 MHz (Japan Only)
                              5.725~5.825 GHz
                              2.400~2.483 GHz

Transmitting Distance (Outdoor And Unobstructed) 2 km

Eirp 10dBm@900m, 13dBm@5.8G, 20dBm@2.4G

Video Output Port             USB, mini-HDMI

Power Supply                  Built-in battery

Charging                      DJI charger

Dual User Capability          Host-and-Slave connection

                                                                                                  40
Mobile Device Holder        Tablet or Phone
Max Mobile Device Width     170mm

Output Power                9W

Operating Temperature Range -10° to 40° C

Storage Temperature Range   Less than 3 months: -20° to 45° C
                            More than 3 months: 22° to 28° C

Charging Temperature Range 0-40° C

Battery                     6000 mAh LiPo 2S

APPENDIX ­ B

DJI Inspire 1 ­ Manufacturer's User Manual

http://www.dji.com/product/inspire-1/download

APPENDIX ­ C

Toby Ray Brusseau Monthly Maintenance and Repair Log

Aircraft: Hours: Date:      Date Issue  Issue                    Repair/Maintenance
                            Resolved                             Performed By
                Date Issue              Description/Maintenance
                Discovered              Conducted

Airframe
Motors
Propellers
Flight
Control
Update
Gimbal
Misc

                                                                                     41
