August 26, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12614
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2014

Mr. Fulvio Tonon
President
Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing, LLC
538 West 21st Street, #27244
Houston, TX 77008

Dear Mr. Tonon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing, LLC (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and data acquisition.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a CineCopter II.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing,
LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5),
61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions
and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing, LLC is
hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the CineCopter II
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Fulvio Tonon, Ph.D., P.E. (Texas, Italy)
Principal Engineer and President
Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing, LLC
538 W 21st St #27244
Houston, TX 77008-3642
Office and Cell: +1-512-200-3051
E-mail: fulvio@tononeng.com

Mat 17, 2015
U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Petition via "summary grant process" for Exemption from 14 CFR Parts 61.113 (a) and (b) 14 CFR
Parts 91.119 (c), 91.121, 91.151 (b), 91.405 (a) and (b), 91.407 (a) (1), 91.409(a) (1), 91.409 (a) (2),
91.417 (a) and (b), according to Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of 2012

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (herein referred to as Reform
Act) and 14 CFR Part 11, Tonon USA, a small consultancy, hereby applies via "summary grant
process" for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial
operation of sUAS for aerial photography and data acquisition, so long as such operations are conducted
within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by
Section 333.

As detailed in this document, and the attached CineCopter II User Guide (herein referred to as User
Guide) and Tonon USA Flight Operations Manual, the requested exemption would permit the operation of
sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is 1) limited, 2) predetermined, 3) controlled as to
access, and 4) would provide safety enhancements to the already best practices safety protocols followed
by Tonon USA. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:
Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements, and Testing, LLC
Attn. Fulvio Tonon
538 W 21st St #27244
Houston, TX 77008-3642
Office and Cell: +1-512-200-3051
E-mail: fulvio@tononeng.com

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR Part 21
14 CFR 45.23(b)
14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7(a)
14 CFR 91.9(b)(2)
14 CFR 91.103
14 CFR Part 61, Section 61.75:
Exemptions/Rule Making
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119
14 CFR 91.121
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

14 CFR 91.151(a)
14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405(a)
14 CFR 407(a)(1)
14 CFR 409(a)(2)
14 CFR 417(a) & (b)
Submitted separately as confidential documents under 14 CFR Section 11.35 (b) are:

     1. CineCopter II User Manual
     2. Tonon USA Flight Operations Manual
     3. Letter from ItalFly that:

                a. Certifies the EASA-approved PPL(H) ground course attendance by pilot Fulvio Tonon
                b. Provides the syllabus for the ground course
     4. Letter from FTOPadova that:
                a. Certifies the ENAC-approved sUAS ground course attendance by pilot Fulvio Tonon
                b. Provides the syllabus for the ground course
These documents contain proprietary information that is not available to the public and are protected from
release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 USC 552 et. seq.
Thank you for your time and attention. We look forward to working with you at FAA.

                                                        Page 2 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

DESCIPTION OF PETITIONER
Tonon USA provides consulting in the areas of civil and mining engineering, including rock mass
characterization, precision photogrammetric models for rock mass characterization and monitoring,
underground engineering, and laboratory rock testing. The company wishes to use sUAS in order to
acquire photographs and data from the air in those cases in which acquiring the same data from the
ground may prove dangerous or very difficult (e.g., mountainous terrain and unstable slopes). Tonon USA
has prepared an operations manual and specifications which will enable it to comply with FAA
requirements and ensure the safety of people and property. The Principal, Dr. Tonon: in order to achieve
flight proficiency, has been trained by FlyingEye, the small aircraft manufacturer; in order to acquire
aeronautical knowledge, he has taken an EASA-approved PPL(H) ground training course and he has
passed the relevant EASA-approved exam; in order to acquire aeronautical knowledge specialized to
sUAS, he has taken an EASA-approved sUAS ground training course and passed the relevant EASA-
approved exam; he holds an EASA Class 2 medical certificate and a Texas Driver's License; he is a U.S.
citizen. Dr. Tonon is the PIC and operations manager of "Laboratorio Rocce e Ricerca Tonon, s.r.l.", an
Italian company that was authorized by ENAC (Italian Civil Aviation Agency) to carry out UAS commercial
operations. The company is woman-owned and is operated by members of the family that founded it, all
of whom are both U.S. and Italian citizens.

                                                        Page 3 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

AUTHORITY FOR EXEMPTIONS

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
authority includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act, including
sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airworthiness certificate.
The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections §44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator
finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 USC §44701(f). See also 49 USC §44711(a); 49 USC
§44704; 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1).

Section 333(b) of the Reform Act assist the Secretary in determining whether sUASs may operate in
the national airspace system without creating a hazard to the user, the public, or a threat to national
security. In making this determination, the Secretary must consider:

           The sUAS' size, weight, speed and operational capability;
           Whether the sUAS operates within the visual line of sight of the operator;
           Whether the sUAS operates outside of highly populated areas and away from close proximity
           to airports.

Reform Act 333(a). If the Secretary determines that a sUAS "may operate safely in the national
airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the
national airspace system." Id. 333(c).

The CineCopter II operated by Tonon USA is an 8-rotor aircraft with a 11.15 kg (24.6 lb < 55 lb) MTOM.
Because the CineCopter II holds a Type Certificate by the French GDAC (the French Civil Aviation
Authority) the CineCopter II was, for example, authorized by ENAC (the Italian Civil Aviation Authority)
without completing an experimental flight phase. The CineCopter II is completely redundant:

      Up to 2 motors may fail without the aircraft becoming uncontrollable
      Two independent batteries and feeding cables ensure power is provided in all circumstances
      Two independent GNSS receivers (each receiving both GPS and GLONASS) ensure UAS

          location (hence speed) is known to the navigation boards (hence to the pilot) at all times
      Two independent navigation boards ensure that the system is controllable in all circumstances,
and it is provided with a flight termination device (independent of the radio transmitter) that may be used
by the PIC to power down the aircraft in case of a fly-away.

The CineCopter II has the ability to operate under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 38 KIAS
and has the capability to hover and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. The sUAS
will operate only in the pilot's or visual observer's visual line of sight at all times. Such operations will
insure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."
Reform Act Section 333(b).

Given the small size of the sUAS involved and the restricted environment within which it will
operate, our application falls squarely within the zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in which
Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of sUASs to
commence immediately. Also due to the small size of the UAS and the low altitudes in which our
sUAS will operate, approval of the application presents no national security issue.

DESCRIPTION OF SPECIFIC REGULATIONS
14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness certificates
Subpart H, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates as
required by FAR §91.203(a)(1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft
to be utilized by Tonon USA, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of
an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation
Act (49 USC §44701(f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft
from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed,

                                                        Page 4 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

operational capability and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular sUAS. In all
cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the sUAS operated without an airworthiness
certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe, or
safer, than a conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions
and conditions proposed. CineCopter II holds a Type Certificate by the French GDAC (the French Civil
Aviation Authority), which is included in the Tonon USA Operations Manual.

14 CFR 45.23(b): Marking of the aircraft
This regulation requires that certain experimental, provisionally certified aircraft, or light-sport
category aircraft to be marked with letters between 2 inches and 6 inches high "limited", "restricted,"
"light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," near each entrance to a cabin, cockpit or pilot station.
Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the sUAS
will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be
placed. Given the size of the sUAS, 2 inch lettering will be impossible. The sUAS bears the marks
"FE4443076".

14 CFR 61.113(a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command
Sections 61.113(a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the sUAS will not
carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current
operations by requiring the pilot operating the aircraft to have at least the qualification described in the
following. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely
controlled with no living thing or cargo on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all
flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Operations Manual. The risks
associated with the operation of the small UAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with
commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as
requested exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b).

14 CFR Part 61, Section 61.75: Certificate issued on the basis of a foreign license
A pilot may apply for an FAA certificate issued on the basis of a foreign license under the provisions of:

      14 CFR Part 61, Section 61.75
      special purpose pilot authorizations under Section 61.77
      using a pilot certificate issued under Section 61.75 to apply for a commercial pilot certificate

          under Section 61.123 (h)
      applying for an airline transport pilot certificate issued under Section 61.153 (d) (3)
      applying for a certificate issued on the basis of a foreign license under the provisions of 14 CFR

          Part 63, Sections 63.23 and 63.42

The FAA's Small UAS Notice of Proposed Rulemaking under Section E states that "The FAA is proposing
to issue a new type of certificate for UAS operators, rather than require a private or commercial pilot
certificate with UAS type rating, because many of the requirements for private and commercial pilots are
not necessary for the types of operations that would be permitted under this rule", and it requires that the
PIC pass an initial aeronautical knowledge test at an FAA-approved knowledge testing center. Under
Section E iv, "The FAA will issue the certificate to an airman eligible under § 107.61 if the airman submits
an application including an airman knowledge test report showing that he or she passed the initial
aeronautical knowledge test required for the certificate".

Until now, there are no FAA-approved sUAS training and testing centers. It is proposed that a pilot
licensed to fly a sUAS in an EASA-country be allowed to fly a sUAS in the United States. In particular,
Tonon USA PICs will either hold an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, sport pilot
certificate, or:

                a. Be licensed to fly a sUAS in an EASA-country
                b. Have taken an FAA or EASA PPL(H) ground instruction and have passed the relevant

                     examination.

                                                        Page 5 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

                c. Have taken an EASA-approved sUAS ground instruction and have passed the relevant
                     examination.

                d. Have taken an EASA-approved sUAS practice (flight proficiency) instruction on the sUAS
                     to be piloted and have passed the relevant examination.

Requirements a-d are much more restrictive than the provisions set forth in the FAA's Small UAS Notice
of Proposed Rulemaking under Section E, and therefore requirements a-d ensure an even higher level of
safety. Syllabi of the EASA-approved courses taken by the current Tonon USA PIC are attached to this
document; certificates of exams are in the Operations Manual.

The PIC must also hold a current FAA or EASA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license
issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
government. These documents are included in the Operations Manual.

14 CFR 91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition.
As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted,
no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and
the requirements contained in the User Guide for maintenance and use of safety checklists prior to
each flight an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 CFR 91.9(b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking and placard requirements
The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual on the
aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry
such an item on the aircraft.
The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the User Manual at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it.

14 CFR 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each pilot in command take certain actions before flight to ensure the safety of
flight. An exemption is needed from this requirement as the pilot will take separate preflight actions,
including checking for weather conditions, checking flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and
landing distances, and all other actions in the User Guide, Operations Manual, and safety checklists.
These actions will provide an equivalent level of safety.

14 CFR 91.109: Flight instruction
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that
is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.
By design, sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is accomplished through the use of a radio transmitter that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor
passengers will be carried in the aircraft, the ability to control the sUAS via radio signals from the
controller and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

14 CFR 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119(d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. This exemption
is for a multirotor craft that flies similarly to a helicopter, with vertical takeoff and vertical landing,
which will operate at altitudes of no more than 400 feet above ground level (AGL), so an exemption may
be needed to allow such operations. All operations will occur during daylight hours under Visual
Meteorological Conditions (VMC) only.
The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight and speed of the sUAS as well as
the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property owner
or local officials. Because advance notice to the property owner and any onsite personnel, as well as
the precautions outlined below, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations.

                                                        Page 6 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons (persons other
than the pilot in command (PIC) or visual observer (VO)), vessels, vehicles and structures, unless:

     2. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect non-participating persons from
          debris in the event of an accident. The PIC will ensure that non-participating persons remain
          under such protection. If a situation arises where non-participating persons leave such
          protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations will cease immediately
          and/or;

     3. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
          owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and;

     4. Operations near the PIC or VO do not present an undue hazard to the PIC or VO, per 14
          CFR 91.119(a).

The sUAS will remain within visual line of sight of the PIC or VO. Flight operations will be
conducted away from an airport or heliport as follows:

           5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or
           3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but not an operational

                tower; or
           2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or an operational tower;

                or
           2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure

Flight operations closer to an airport or heliport than stated above require notification and approval from
the local Flight Standards District Office and airport controller. When flying outside the "blanket" COA for 
flights at or below 200 feet, Tonon USA will apply for a separate COA specific to the airspace required for 
their operation. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than the sUAS
proposed herein and carrying flammable fuel, any risk associated with our operations is far less
than those presently presented with helicopters and other conventional aircraft operating at or
below 500 feet AGL. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure
separation between these UAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must
comply with Section 91.119.

14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating the aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." An onboard air pressure sensor and software resolve height
differences as small as one centimeter. Altitude is controlled by measuring air pressure and the z-axis
accelerometer/GNSS values. The starting point is a relative height measurement calculated
by the flight controller. Altitude above the starting point is displayed on the pilot's handheld radio
transmitter by telemetry, and alarms can signal conditions of interest.

14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions
Section 91.151(a) outlines fuel requirements for beginning a flight in VFR conditions. Our
sUAS is limited to operations in controlled environments and has a limited flight time, which
require an exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a).
To meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR 91.151, sUAS flights would be severely limited.
Given the limitations on the sUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within
a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.
An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by ensuring 5 min battery reserve at landing, enough
to ensure that the sUAS safely lands at the ground station.
This restriction would be more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone
from anywhere in its limited operating area. Battery voltage under load is displayed on the pilot's
handheld radio transmitter during flight. The CineCopter II uses 2 lithium polymer batteries of a multi-cell
design, connected in parallel for redundancy and optimal current delivery. Battery chemistry does not

                                                        Page 7 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

support adequate current discharge below about 3 v per cell. Circuitry in the onboard flight controller
measures voltage and will start a failsafe procedure to land before summed minimums are reached. In
the event that one or more cells fail, these minimums may be reached sooner than expected, due to
rapid current drain against a smaller number of functioning cells. Tonon USA pilots are trained to monitor
voltage and recognize abnormal discharge in flight and to land sooner if forced.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration
The sUAS has no cabin, cockpit or pilot station and is operated without an onboard pilot.
Therefore, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
display them on the sUAS.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent
they are applicable to the sUAS.

14 CFR 91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance inspections
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided
in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to Tonon USA. Maintenance will be accomplished by Tonon USA or the UAS
manufacturer pursuant to the User Guide. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
these sUASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in
restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the sUAS can land
immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the User
Guide and the Operations Manual, the Operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover,
the Operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in
an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

PUBLIC INTEREST
Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs for precision aerial surveys
enhances safety while reducing risk. Manned aircraft photo and data acquisition creates a
greater risk because the craft are much larger, have combustible fuel, and carry onboard
human pilot and personnel. In contrast, a sUAS weighing less than 25 pounds and powered by batteries
eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board.
The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.
Conducting photo and data acquisition with the CineCopter II, instead of manned aircraft, will greatly
benefit the public by drastically reducing the levels of air and noise pollution generated during
traditional photo and data acquisition flight operations. By using battery power and electric motors, the
CineCopter II produces no air pollution and is a viable, environmentally conscious alternative to
the cabin class, six cylinder internal combustion twin engine aircraft that are typically utilized
for photo and data acquisition, while burning approximately 20-30 gallons per hour of leaded aviation fuel.
The CineCopter II, while reducing the carbon footprint of photo and data acquisition, also reduces noise
pollution as the sUAS is propelled by battery powered electric motors rather than an internal
combustion engine.

EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY
Tonon USA proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that
have the characteristics and that operate within the limitations listed herein. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe protocols followed by aerial survey operations conducted with helicopters and
other conventional aircraft.

                                                        Page 8 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

Tonon USA will be bound by the following limitations when conducting its sUAS operations under an FAA
issued exemption:

     1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 pounds.
     2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and observer.
     3. Flights will be terminated at 5 min power reserve.
     4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
    5. Flight operations will be conducted away from an airport or heliport as follows: 

          5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or 
          3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but not an operational 

              tower; or 
          2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or an operational 

              tower; or 
          2  NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure 
    6. Flight operations closer to an airport or heliport than stated above require notification and 
         approval from the local Flight Standards District Office and airport controller. 
     7. Flight operations will occur during daylight hours and under visual meteorological conditions only.
     8. When flying outside the "blanket" COA for flights at or below 200 feet, Tonon USA will apply for a
          separate COA specific to the airspace required for their operation.
     9. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS pilot and visual observer.
     10. The PIC will either hold an airline transport, commercial, private, recreational, sport pilot
          certificate, or:

                a. Be licensed to fly a sUAS in an EASA-country
                b. Have taken an FAA or EASA PPL(H) ground instruction and have passed the relevant

                     examination.
                c. Have taken an EASA-approved sUAS ground instruction and have passed the relevant

                     examination.
                d. Have taken an EASA-approved sUAS practice instruction on the aircraft to be piloted and

                     have passed the relevant examination.

          The PIC must also hold a current FAA or EASA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's
          license issued by a state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the
          Federal government.

     11. The pilot and visual observer will have been trained in the operation of the sUAS.
     12. The pilot and visual observer will at all times be able to communicate by voice
     13. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
     14. Flight operations will be conducted at least 500 feet from all non-participating persons,

          vessels, vehicles and structures unless:
                a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect non-participating persons from
                     debris in the event of an accident. The pilot will ensure that non-participating persons
                     remain under such protection. If a situation arises where non-participating persons leave
                     such protection and are within 500 feet of the sUAS, flight operations will cease
                     immediately and/or;
                b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the land
                     owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
                     the risk of operating closer to those objects and;
                c. Operations near the pilot or visual observer do not present an undue hazard to the pilot or
                visual observer.

     15. If the sUAS loses communication or loses its GNSS signal, the sUAS will have the capability to
          return to a safe, pre-determined location and land.

     16. The sUAS will have the capability to abort flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

                                                        Page 9 of 10 
                                                Tonon USA Petition Petition for Exemption Filed under Section 333 

PRIVACY
All operations shall be conducted over private or controlledaccess property with permission from the 
property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from property owner/controller or 
authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted. Images taken will be of 
individuals who have also consented to being photographed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area 
where aerial photography will take place.

Federal Register Summary
Dr. Fulvio Tonon, President and Principal Engineer, Tonon USA LLC, 538 W 21st St #27244
Houston, TX 77008-3642, petitioned the FAA on behalf of Tonon USA, llc. for an exemption from part 21
and §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121,
91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 407(a)(1), 409(a)(2), 417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code
of the Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The exemption would allow commercial operation of
CineCopter II small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (sUASs) for aerial photo and data acquisition.
*******
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 ­ size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within
visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the grant
of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of Tonon USA' sUAS for
aerial photo and data acquisition.

Sincerely,

Fulvio Tonon, Ph.D., P.E. (Texas, Italy)
Principal Engineer and President
Tonon USA: Engineering, Measurements and Testing, LLC

                                                        Page 10 of 10 
