June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11879
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0614

Mr. Tony O. Martin
1206 South Kanawha Street
Beckley, WV 25801

Dear Mr. Martin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Blade 350 QX2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
                                                                                                                 2

14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Tony O. Martin is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Tony O. Martin is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Blade 350 QX2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
TONY O. MARTIN

1206 S. Kanawha St.
Beckley, WV 25801
Phone: (304) 546-1332
Email: obrien5808@gmail.com

March 10, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for exemption under Section 333 from 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR 61.113
(a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.119 (c); 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR
91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417
(a) and (b)

Dear Sir or Madam:

In accordance with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR
Part 11, I, Tony O. Martin ("Petitioner") hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial use of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems
("SUAS"), so long as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined
herein or as may be established by the FAA as required by Section 333.

An exemption is being requested because (1) existing regulations will burden the Petitioner, (2)
Petitioner can provide a level of safety that is equal (or greater than in many cases) to those
provided by existing rules and (3) the request is in the public interest. The FAA's authority to
issue exemptions from operating rules, and the Secretary's authority granted by Section of
P.L.112-95, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems provide an opportunity to
authorize certain SUAS operations in the National Airspace System ("NAS") prior to
implementation of the SUAS rule. This incremental step will allow the Petitioner's SUASs to
safely and legally enter into the NAS.

As described in detail below, the requested exemption would permit the Petitioner to operate
SUASs under controlled conditions in airspace that is (1) limited, (2) predetermined, (3)
controlled as to access, and (4) would provide safety enhancements to the already safe operations
of those aircraft of similar size, weight, speed, and operating capability that have been granted
entry into the NAS via the rules in the Academy of Model Aeronautics (AMA) National Aircraft
Safety Code1. Approval of this exemption would thereby greatly enhance safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the Secretary responsibilities to "...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system") per Section 333 (c) of

1 See the attached "AMASafteyCode.pdf" document.
                                      Tony O. Martin 2
                 Section 333 Exemption Petition

the Reform Act.

Petitioner is requesting exemption from the following regulations:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H

14 CFR 61.23 (a)

14 CFR 61.113(a) and (b)

14 CFR 91.109

14 CFR 91.119 (c)

14 CFR 91.121

14 CFR 91.151(a)

14 CFR 91.405(a)

14 CFR 91.407(a) (1)

14 CFR 91.409(a) (2)

14 CFR 91.417(a) and (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section
333 (a) through (C) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary to consider whether
certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the
rulemaking required under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the
Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the
NAS, to the public, or pose a threat to national security.

Section 333 of the reform Act grants the Secretary authority to determine (1) if an unmanned
aircraft system, as result of its size weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports
and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight (VLOS) does not create a hazard to
users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security, and (2) whether a certificate
of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under 49 USC 44704 is
required for the operation of civil (non-governmental) UASs. Therefore, if the Secretary
determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary
shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace
system.2

2 The Petitioner interprets this provision to place the duty on the Secretary to not only process applications
for exemptions under section 333 of the Reform Act, but for the Secretary to craft conditions for safe
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 3
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

Operational Overview

Currently, unmonitored amateur hobbyists with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent
catastrophe legally operate similar lightweight, remote controlled SUASs. The Petitioner has
personally instilled safety protocols and controls to further avoid and prevent public hazard, as
well as manned aircraft hazards and catastrophe.

The Petitioner's current and anticipated SUASs are quad copters, weighing 5 or fewer pounds
(including payload). The SUASs have the capability to hover and move in the vertical and
horizontal planes simultaneously. They will operate only in visual line of sight (VLOS) and will
operate only in tightly controlled and limited airspace. They are capable of operating at speeds
of up to 30 knots, but will be routinely operated at much lower speeds. They will be operated
below 400 feet above ground level (AGL), and never above 400 feet AGL.

The Petitioner's exemption request would permit commercial operation of the Petitioner's SUAS
for commercial aerial photography and videography in tightly controlled and limited airspace.
Aerial photography and videography services will be offered to individuals, business owners,
homeowners, realtors, home builders, contractors and/or home inspectors for use in, promotional
aerial photography and videography, real estate marketing and safer inspections of home
exteriors. All operations will be conducted on private and/or controlled access property and with
the written and/or oral permission of the property owner(s)/operator(s). Operation will always be
conducted in areas that are clear of all people, except the pilot in command (PIC), the PIC's
helper(s) and individuals that are directly involved in the photography/videography production.
Such operation will ensure that the SUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national
airspace system or the public".3

Granting the Petitioner's request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's) responsibilities and authority to not only integrate SUAS's into the national
airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems
[SUAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act specific to the
use of SUAS's for Cinematography/Photo purposes. Further, the Petitioner will conduct
operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the
FAA.

For the reasons stated below the Petitioner respectfully request the grant of an exemption
allowing the Petitioner to operate ultra lightweight, remote controlled SUAS's for community
awareness to benefit/stimulate attraction to the West Virginia area and to enhance real estate
listing videos for homeowners who cannot afford expensive manned aircraft for the same
purpose. Both of which will promote local economic growth through increased employment and
increased tax base. Both with public safety in mind by keeping heavier manned aircraft
containing combustible fuel that poses potential public hazard.

operations of SUAS, if it should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory
requirements for approval.
3 Reform Act Section 333 (b)
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 4
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

Aircraft

The Petitioner operates the Blade 350 QX24 ("350QX") SUAS manufactured by Horizon Hobby,
one of the most popular wholesale RC distributors in North America. The 350QX's main rotor
diameter is 22.8 in, it has a gross flying weight of 24 oz., and is18.3 in long5. What makes the
350QX such a great camera platform is it's advanced SAFETM (Sensor Assisted Flight Envelope)
technology. This provides for incredible ease of use and stability. Pilots can control the
350QX's movements in many directions ­ including pitch (forward and backward), roll (left and
right), elevator (up and down), and yaw (turn left or right). The built-in GPS system aids in
stabilizing the aircraft and will automatically return it back to its home position if
communication between the remote control and quad copter are lost.

The 350QX is controlled with the included DX4 full-range transmitter that utilizes the same
Spektrum 2.4GHz technology preferred by RC experts the world over. This advanced signal
processing technology provides superb range and interference protection, especially in `noisy'
environments where a lot of 2.4GHz systems are in use at the same time.

The 350QX has two flight modes that have been specially programmed for capturing aerial video
and images. Both feature self-leveling and use GPS and altitude sensors to precisely hold
position in a hover.

The Return Home function will automatically land at the home position. This feature can be
activated at any time with the flip of a switch. When activated, the 350QX will automatically fly
itself back to the place its motors were first started and land without any help from the pilot.

As an added safety feature, the 350QX operates within geo-referenced flight boundaries. Out of
the box, its boundaries are set at 100 meters from and 50 meters above the point where the
motors were started. An intuitive PC programming interface makes monitoring systems,
adjusting settings and calibrating sensors as easy as point and click.

The Inertial Measurement Unit ("IMU") has a built-in inertial sensor and a barometric altimeter
that measures both attitude and altitude. The inertial measurement tells the 350QX how it's
tilted, and the gyros tell it if it's rotating in any particular direction.

The 350QX's compass reads geomagnetic information and assists the GPS to accurately
calculate the position and height of the aircraft.

The 350QX has LED flight indicators beneath each of its four rotor arms and in the rear. The
LEDs illuminate to indicate the status of the flight control system and alert the PIC of any
possible issues.

Such highly advanced capabilities will ensure that the SUASs can be safely operated and "not

4 See attached BLH7900_Manual_EN.pdf
5 http://www.bladehelis.com/350qx/
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 5
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition
create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."6

Equivalent Level of Safety

In an effort to join the FAA in its mission to provide the safest, most efficient aerospace system
in the world and to minimize the risk to the NAS or to persons and property on the ground, the
Petitioner agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions when conducting
commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption:

    1. For the purposes of ensuring SUASs will be operated within the standards that the FAA
         has allowed in the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code:
             a. SUASs will not be flown:

                           · In a careless or reckless manner.

                           · At a location where SUAS activities are prohibited.

    2. SUAS pilots will:

                  a. Yield the right of way to all human-carrying aircraft.

                  b. See and avoid all aircraft and a spotter must be used when appropriate.7

                  c. Not fly higher than 400 feet above ground level or within three (3) miles of an
                      airport without notifying the airport operator.

                  d. Not interfere with operations and traffic patterns at any airport, heliport or
                      seaplane base except where there is a mixed-use agreement.

                  e. Not exceed a takeoff weight of 55 pounds (including payload).

                  f. Ensure the aircraft is identifiable by affixing the owner's contact information
                      to the outside of the SUAS.

                  g. Not operate SUASs while under the influence of alcohol or while using any
                      drug that could adversely affect the PIC's ability to safely control the model.

                  h. Not operate SUASs carrying pyrotechnic devices that explode or burn, or any
                      device which propels a projectile or drops any object that creates a hazard to
                      persons or property.

    3. SUASs will not be flown unless:

6 Reform Act Section 333(b)
7 AMA Document #540-D
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 6
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

             a. The aircraft, control system and pilot skills have successfully demonstrated all
                  maneuvers intended or anticipated prior to the specific event.

             b. An inexperienced pilot is assisted by an experienced pilot.

    4. All pilots shall avoid flying directly over unprotected people, vessels, vehicles or
         structures and shall avoid endangerment of life and property of others.

    5. A successful radio equipment ground-range check in accordance with manufacturer's
         recommendations will be completed before the first flight of a new or repaired model
         aircraft.

    6. SUASs must use the radio-control frequencies currently allowed by the Federal
         Communications Commission (FCC).

    7. SUASs will not knowingly operate within three (3) miles of any pre-existing flying site
         without a frequency-management agreement.8

    8. Excluding takeoff and landing, no SUASs may be flown outdoors closer than 25 feet to
         any individual, except for the PIC and the PIC's helper(s) located at the takeoff site.

    9. Under no circumstances may a pilot or other person touch a SUAS in flight while it is
         still under power, except to divert it from striking an individual.

    10. The PIC of the SUAS shall:

             a. Maintain control during the entire flight, maintaining visual contact without
                  enhancement other than by corrective lenses prescribed for the pilot.

             b. Fly using the assistance of a camera or First-Person View (FPV) only in
                  accordance with the procedures outlined in AMA Document #550.

             c. Fly using the assistance of autopilot or stabilization system only in accordance
                  with the procedures outlined in AMA Document #560.

    11. The flying area must be clear of all utility wires or poles and an SUAV will not be flown
         closer than 50 feet to any above-ground electric utility lines.

    12. The flying area must be clear before the engine is started, except for PIC and the PIC's
         helper(s).

B. In addition to the above rules outlined by the AMA National Model Aircraft Safety Code and
    in an effort to enhance the safety offered by the already safe operations mentioned above, the
    Petitioner also agrees to be bound by the following limitations and conditions:

8 AMA Documents #922 and #923
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 7
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

    1. Flights will be operated within VLOS of the PIC.

    2. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 25 minutes. Flights will be
         terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit.

    3. The SUAS will only operate in tightly controlled and limited airspace.

    4. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned SUAS operations prior to each
         flight. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties within the
         boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.

    5. The PIC and the PIC's helper(s) will have been trained in operation of SUAS and
         received up-to-date information on the particular SUAS to be operated.

    6. The pilot and the PIC's helper(s) will at all times be able to communicate by voice.

    7. If the SUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the SUAS will have capability
         to return to a pre-determined location within the security perimeter and safely land.

    8. The SUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
         emergencies.

    9. All flights will be conducted on private property and with the written and/or oral
         permission of the property owner(s).

    10. Flights will always be conducted in areas that are clear of all people, except for the PIC
         and the PIC's helper(s).

    11. All flights will be conducted outdoors in visual meteorological conditions (VMC) and
         never during severe weather conditions.

    12. Flights will not occur in weather conditions that prevent the PIC from operating within
         visual line-of-sight (VLOS) at all times or in weather conditions that dramatically affect
         the SUAS's flight (e.g. high winds).

    13. If an operation occurs in an area where people could inadvertently enter the area, an
         operational border will be established with traffic cones. If it's not feasible to use traffic
         cones due to interference with the photography/videography, the PIC's helper(s) will be
         responsible for keeping a safe perimeter around the operation. The operation will cease
         immediately and be rescheduled if it's impossible to establish a safe perimeter around the
         operation.

14. The PIC will be responsible for logging all flights to ensure the comprehensive
         preventative maintenance plan can be followed, as described in the "Preventative
         Maintenance" section below.
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 8
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

15. The SUAS will not be routinely operated in the proximity of any airports. In any cases
         where the SUAS must be operated within three (3) miles of an airport, the airport
         operator will be notified before the operation commences.

The operation of SUASs, weighing less than 3 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions as outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of exemptions requested
herein, including exempting the Petitioner from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing
commercial operations.

These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a tightly controlled
environment. As a result, they offer a much safer way to capture aerial photography and
videography. Furthermore, the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe operations that have been granted by the FAA for the establishment of the AMA
National Model Aircraft Safety Code.

Preflight Plan

The PIC will follow a comprehensive pre-flight checklist to ensure that the SUAS is in a
condition for safe flight. This plan will be improved as needed in order to ensure all known
safety precautions and/or safety precautions suggested by the manufacturer are being accounted
for.

             A. Pre-flight Inspection

                  1. Check that the transmitter, UAS and camera batteries are all fully charged.

                  2. Verify that the UAS battery is not swollen or damaged in any way.

                  3. Turn the motor shafts with your fingers and verify that are smooth without
                      excessive play or binding.

                  4. Verify that the propellers are mounted correctly and free from signs of
                      damage.

                  5. Run finger along the edge of blade to check for any rough edges.

                  6. Flex both sides of the propellers' blades to check for hairline cracks where the
                      blades connect in the center of the propeller.

                  7. Verify that the landing gear is secure and free from damage, broken or loose.

                  8. Verify that the camera is secure and clean. Inspect the camera connections
                      and gimbal for tears and/or signs of wear.

                  9. Verify that the damping absorbers are not broken and/or worn.

                  10. Verify that the Micro-SD card has been inserted and formatted.
                                                                                              Tony O. Martin 9
                                                                         Section 333 Exemption Petition

    11. Verify that the smartphone's Wi-Fi is enabled.

    12. Set the smartphone to do-not-disturb mode to prevent distractions while
         flying.

    13. Set the smartphone to forget any Wi-Fi networks in range in order to prevent
         the Wi-Fi connection from changing mid-flight.

B. Power Up

    1. Power on the transmitter with the flight mode set to the appropriate setting,
         the throttle stick down and the throttle trim at neutral.

    2. Install a charged battery in the UAS, plug it in and close the hatch.

    3. Wait for the GPS signal to be acquired, which is indicated by a solid LED. It
         may take from 30-90 seconds to acquire a GPS signal.

    4. Move the aircraft to the desired home location and orient the aircraft pointed
         away from the pilot.

    5. Step back approximately 15 feet (5 meters) from the home location.

C. Ready to Fly

    1. Power on camera and acquire Wi-Fi signal on smartphone.

    2. Once smartphone has acquired Wi-Fi signal start camera app.

    3. Verify that the aircraft still has GPS lock.

    4. Start the motors.

    5. Verify that the motors are functioning normally, are not making any unusual
         noises, and are all spinning the same speed.

    6. Verify that the area is still clear of obstructions, people, power lines, etc.

    7. Take off and hover about 6-8 feet above the takeoff point to verify that the
         aircraft still has a solid GPS lock. If any abnormalities are noticed (drifting,
         flying in circles, etc.), land immediately and repeat the "Pre-flight Inspection"
         and Power Up" sequences.

    8. Verify that the aircraft holds a steady position while yawing 360 degrees.

    9. Verify that the aircraft responds appropriately to all controls ­ yaw, pitch, roll
         and throttle.

D. After Flight
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 10
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

                  1. Turn off the power switch on the aircraft.

                  2. Turn off the power to your transmitter.

                  3. Unplug and remove the battery from the aircraft.

Preventative Maintenance

A comprehensive preventative maintenance plan will be followed in accordance with the
manufacturer's specifications to ensure the SUAS's software is up-to-date, the batteries are in
good health, and the aircraft itself is always ready for safe flight9.

Pilot in Command (PIC) Qualifications

The PIC does not currently hold an airman certificate or medical certification. Since the SUAS
is similar in size, weight, speed, and operating capability as those currently allowed to be flown
for hobby/recreation, holding the PIC to those same set of standards will allow for an equivalent
level of safety.

It cannot be assumed that a commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing
aircraft, has the skill or ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 feet
AGL or lower, within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. Since there are no standards for
either private or commercial SUAS pilot certificates, knowledge of airspace regulations and
dexterity in the control and operation of the SUAS acquired from actual operation of the aircraft
will be the most important factors in establishing an equivalent level of safety.

The PIC would be required to successfully complete an FAA approved ground training course
and be required to do the following prior to the first commercial flight:

             A. Perform 50 flights or log 20 hours of flight time (the greater of the two) with the
                  SUAS that will be piloted.

             B. Successfully learn and demonstrate all flight maneuvers in the "DJI Phantom Pilot
                  Training Guide"10

             C. Study and be familiar with all sections of the User's Manual of the SUAS that
                  will be piloted.11

With that in mind, the Petitioner proposes that its PIC be entitled to apply for, and receive a
temporary license certificate, renewable until the FAA creates an "unmanned aircraft certificate
with SUAS rating".

Public Interest

Granting this exemption would benefit the public as a whole. SUASs offer a strong equivalent

9 See "Airframe Maintenance" on page 14 of the of the attached "BLH7900_Manual_EN.pdf"
10 See the attached "Phantom TrainingGuide.pdf"
11 See the attached "BLH7900_Manual_EN.pdf
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 11
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

level of safety, a reduction in environmental impacts, and are free from the harmful emission
associated with the manned aircraft that are currently used for aerial photography and
videography. Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in
which the SUAS will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to the public.
Furthermore, the public will be able to legally acquire aerial photography and videography to
help in, but not limited to, advertising homes for sale, advertising uninhabited homes, lots, use of
photos and video as an aid when researching homes for sale on the market, or safely accessing
high and/or awkward areas of home exterior to assess damage that needs to be repaired.

Privacy

Since the areas being photographed or filmed will be on private property, accessed only after
given written and/or oral consent by the property owner(s), and clear of all people, except for the
PIC and the PIC's helper(s), approval of this application presents no risk to the public privacy.

National Security

Due to the size of the SUAS and the tightly controlled and limited airspace in which the SUAS
will operate, approval of this application presents no risk to national security.

Requested Exemptions

Petitioner requests exemption from the following regulations since it's not possible to fully
comply with them, and since attempting to follow them for the purposes of operating a SUAS
would be a burden:

Airworthiness Certificates - 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H

Subpart H establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
as required by FAR 91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft to be utilized by the Petitioner, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act.
The Federal Aviation Act (49 USC 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize
the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the particular SUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the SUAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and
under the conditions proposed, will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

Medical certificates - 14 CFR 61.23 (a)

This regulation requires pilots of manned aircraft to hold a medical certificate. Since risks
associated with the operation of the proposed SUAS are so diminished from the level of risk
associated with any manned aircraft; the SUAS is of a size, weight, speed, and operational
capabilities which makes it much safer than any manned aircraft; since operations will occur in
tightly controlled and limited airspace; and considering that all operations will be on
private/controlled access property that is clear of all people, obtaining and maintaining a medical
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 12
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

certificate would not improve the safety of the operation. In the very rare case of a mishap, the
SUAS being flown will pose significantly less of a threat than manned helicopters and fixed
wing aircraft because the SUASs are a fraction of the size, a fraction of the weight, will be flown
at a fraction of the speed, carry no flammable fuel, and carry no crew or passengers.

Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command - 14 CFR 61.113 (a) and (b)

These regulations limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the SUAS will not
carry a pilot or passengers; due to the SUAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capabilities;
and since operations will occur in tightly controlled and limited airspace, the proposed operations
can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations that currently require a
commercial pilot's license.

The FAA has determined that the airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot
would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for the petitioner's specific proposed
operations of a SUAS.

Although the FAA does not possess the authority to exempt the Petitioner from the statutory
requirement to hold an airman certificate, as prescribed in 49 USC Section 44711, it does possess
the authority under 14 CFSR 61.17 (a) to grant a temporary pilot certificate or rating, and in
accordance with 14 CFSR 61.13 (4) the Administrator must issue an airman certificate "... to an
applicant who satisfactorily accomplishes the training and certification requirements for the
certificate, rating, or authorization sought, is entitled to receive that airman certificate, rating, or
authorization."

With regard to the Petitioner's PIC training program, the Petitioner has proposed that prior to the
first commercial operation the PIC be required to perform the grater of 50 flights or 20 hours of
flight time in the 350QX, as well as successfully demonstrate flight maneuvers specified in the
Phantom Pilot Training Guide and study and be familiar with the 350QX manuals identified in
the petition.

In its proposed regulations, the FAA states that it will create a new "unmanned aircraft operator
certificate with a small UAS rating." This certificate would be required before a person could
legally operate a commercial UAS. To obtain this new certificate, an operator--who would need
to be at least 17 years old--would have to pass an aeronautical knowledge test at an FAA-
approved testing center. The applicant would also have to pass a security screen conducted by
the Transportation Security Administration.

Given the above, the FAA must determine the appropriate level of pilot certification for the
Petitioner's proposed operation: 1) There are currently no standards for either private or
commercial UAS pilot certificates, 2) the FAA has found that it cannot be assumed that a
commercial pilot, approved to operate a manned helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, has the skill or
ability to safely operate an unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 feet AGL or lower, within
strictly controlled pre-approved airspace, 3) to require the Petitioner to obtain a certificate rating
equal to what's required to operate a manned aircraft creates a burden and places undue
economic hardship on the Petitioner. Therefore, the Petitioner is hereby seeking the Secretary's
approval to apply for, and receive a temporary license certificate, renewable until the FAA
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 13
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

creates an "unmanned aircraft certificate with SUAS rating".

Because a temporary pilot certificate is subject to the same security screening by the Department
of Homeland Security that all certified airmen undergo, the proposed operations can achieve the
equivalent level of safety of recently approved Section 333 exemptions, operations that do not
significantly differ from that of the Petitioner, that currently require a private pilot certificate.

Flight instruction - 14 CFR 91.109

This regulation provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

SUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers
will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the aircraft.

Minimum Safe Altitudes ­ 14 CFR 31.119 (c)

This regulation prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft and specifies that over
sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than 500 feet to any person,
vessel, vehicle, or structure. It allows helicopters to be operated at lower altitudes in certain
conditions. The Petitioner's SUASs will never operate at an altitude greater than 400 feet AGL.
Since the typical mission of the Petitioner's SUASs would be to photograph/video structures it
would be necessary to operate closer than 500 feet to the items listed. Flights will only be
conducted over property where permission has been obtained and at a distance greater than 30
feet of any consenting individual, and only after careful pre-planning has been performed.
Further, the SUAS will operate at a very slow airspeed, and a low mass, and do not need as much
space to operate safely, as outlined in 91.119. Given the Petitioner will only operate his UASs in
safe areas away from public and traffic, thereby providing a level of safety at least equivalent to
those in relation to minimum safe altitudes, and due to the size, weight, maneuverability and
speed of the Petitioner's UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

Altimeter settings - 14 CFR 91.121

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the SUAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator by confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS
altitude indicator before flight.

Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions - 14 CFR 91.151 (a)

This regulation prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 14
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the proposed SUAS provides approximately 15 minutes of powered flight.
That would make it impossible to meet the 30 minute reserve requirement. Given the limitations
on the SUAS's proposed flight area and the location of its proposed operations within a
predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is
reasonable.

An equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 10 minutes or 25% of battery
power (whichever occurs first). This restriction would be more than adequate to return the SUAS
to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating area.

Maintenance Inspections - 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1);
14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b)

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply. The operator, pursuant to the manufacturer's user manual and guide
will accomplish maintenance. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small
SUASs are very limited in size, will carry a small payload, and operate only in restricted areas
for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the SUAS can land immediately and will
be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As outlined in the aforementioned Pre-flight
Plan, the operator will ensure that the SUAS is in working order prior to initiating flight and
perform maintenance as required. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the
aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the
equivalent level of safety.

In accordance with 14 CFR Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in
the Federal Register:

The Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules: 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H; 14 CFR
61.113 (a) and (b); 14 CFR 91.109; 14 CFR 91.121; 14 CFR 91.151; (a); 14 CFR 91.405 (a); 14
CFR 91.407 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(1); 14 CFR 91.409 (a)(2); 14 CFR 91.417 (a) and (b) to
commercially operate small unmanned aircraft systems (55 lbs. or less) in order to safely and
legally capture aerial photography and videography for use by homeowners, realtors, home
builders, home contractors, and/or home inspectors.

The operation of SUASs conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an
equivalent and/or greater level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested herein,
including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial
operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile
                                                                                                             Tony O. Martin 15
                                                                                        Section 333 Exemption Petition

environment, and as a result, are far safer than existing operations conducted with helicopters
operating in close proximity to the ground, people, or other buildings in the vicinity. Given the
small size of the SUASs involved, the slow speed at which they must be operated in order to
capture photos and videos, and the restricted environment within which they will operate, the
Petitioner demonstrates that it can be operated within an equivalent level of safety in which
Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operations of SUASs
to commence immediately. Also, due to the size of the SUASs and the restricted areas in which
the relevant SUASs will operate, approval of this application presents no threat to national
security.

Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority contained in the Federal
Aviation Act, the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, the
significant public benefit ­ including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, no
emissions, ability to legally obtain aerial photography and videography services ­ the grant of
the requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the Petitioner respectfully
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act ­ size, weight, speed,
operating capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, operation within the visual line of
sight, public safety, and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification to grant the
Petitioner the requested exemption, allowing for commercial operations as described herewith.

Respectfully submitted,

Tony O. Martin,
Petitioner
