June 23, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11874
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1200

Mr. Joao Q. Nunes
Owner/Pilot
TR-IAG, LLC
2620 W Naranja Avenue
Mesa, AZ 85202

Dear Mr. Nunes:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted to the public docket on April 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of TR-IAG, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, survey, powerline and pipeline patrol.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, TR-IAG, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, TR-IAG, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                Petition for Exemption
                                       (Pursuant to 14 CFR Section 11.81)

Identification of Petitioner
This petition for exemption is submitted on behalf of TR-IAG, LLC including its pilot, Joao Q.
Nunes (collectively referred to as "TR-IAG"), 2620 W Naranja Ave, Mesa, AZ 85202 (via
email at john@triag.us).

Petition Based Upon Prior Exemption
This petition is based, in part, upon prior exemption granted pursuant to In the matter of
Douglas Trudeau, Realtor (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481, Exemption issued
January 5, 2015) and, In the matter of Craig E. Bryan, Cirrus (Regulatory Docket No. FAA-
2015-0160, Exemption issued Apri/20, 2015).

Request for Exemption
Cirrus respectfully requests relief from the following regulations for the purpose of conducting
commercial"aerial work" flight operations (as defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(1) Aerial
photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol) utilizing DJI
Inspire 1 Unmanned Aerial Systems ("UAS"):

          Part 21 prescribing the procedural requirements for issuing and changing design
          approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
          approvals. (TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary under the
          statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 [P.L. 112-95] in
          reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited
          operating area associated with the proposed UAS)

          Section 45.23(b) prescribing that when marks include only the Roman capital letter "N"
          and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category
          aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
          display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in
          letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"

                                                                  1
        11restricted,11 111ight-sport,11 11experimental,11 or 11provisional,11 as applicable. (TR-IAG   ..
         believes relief from this section is not necessary as the proposed UAS is not
         certificated under Section 21.191 and this petition is submitted in connection with
        proposed operations as a Civil UAS)

         Section 61.31 (a) prescribing that a person who acts as a pilot in command of any of
         the following aircraft must hold a type rating for that aircraft for other aircraft specified
         by the Administrator through aircraft type certificate procedures:

                   (1) Large aircraft (except lighter-than-air).
                   (2) Turbojet-powered airplanes.
                   (3) Other aircraft specified by the Administrator through aircraft type certificate
                   procedures.
(TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided
in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight,
speed, and limited operating area associated with the proposed UAS)

Section 61.31 (c) prescribing that unless a person holds a category, class, and type rating (if a
class and type rating is required) that applies to the aircraft, that person may not act as pilot
in command of an aircraft that is carrying another person, or is operated for compensation or
hire. That person also may not act as pilot in command of that aircraft for compensation or
hire. (TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size,
weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the proposed UAS)

Section 61.31 (d) prescribing that to serve as the pilot in command of an aircraft, a person
must-

         (1 )Hold the appropriate category, class, and type rating (if a class or type rating is
          required) for the aircraft to be flown; or
          (2)Have received training required by this part that is appropriate to the pilot
          certification level, aircraft category, class, and type rating (if a class or type rating is
          required) for the aircraft to be flown, and have received an endorsement for solo flight
          in that aircraft from an authorized instructor.

                                                            2
(TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary under the statutory criteria provided
in Section 333 of P. L. 112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight,

speed, and limited operating area associated with the proposed UAS or, alternatively,
requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable
operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and
Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91 .7(a) prescribing that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
airworthy condition. (TR-IAG requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC)
compliance with the applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the
Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.7(b) prescribing that the pilot in command of a civil aircraft is responsible for
determining whether that aircraft is in condition for safe flight and that the PIC shall
discontinue the flight when unairworthy mechanical, electrical, or structural conditions occur.
(TR-IAG requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available
in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof. (TR-IAG believes relief from

this section is not necessary as the FAA has previously determined relief is not required

provided the relevant materials published by the manufacturer are kept in a location
accessible to the PIC in compliance with the regulations)

Section 91.1 03(b) prescribing that a pilot shall for any flight, become familiar with runway
lengths at airports of intended use, and takeoff and landing distance information. (TR-IAG

believes relief from this section is not necessary provided the PIC complies with the

Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

                                                             3
Section 91.1 09(a) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
(except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has
fully functioning dual controls. (TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary
provided the PIC complies with the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this
petition or utilizes the DJIInspire 1 UAS dual control feature)

Section 91.119 prescribing that, except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

         (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails , an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface. (TR-IAG believes relief from this
         section is not necessary provided the Pilot in Command (PIC) complies with the
         applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
         Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)
         (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
         over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
         obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft. (Cirrus believes relief
         from this section is not necessary provided the Pilot in Command (PIC) complies with
         the applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the
         Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)
         (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
          over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
          operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel , vehicle, or structure. (TR-IAG
          requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
          applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
          Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." (TR-IAG believes relief
 from this section is not necessary provided the PIC complies with the Proposed Conditions
and Limitations set forth in this petition)

                                                                4
Section 91.151 (a) prescribing that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR          ...
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to
fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, (1) during the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes [emphasis added]. (TR-IAG requests relief from
this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational documents
published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this
petition)

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless
it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective
U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the
second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in§ 47.31 (c). (TR-IAG
believes relief from this section is not necessary, as the FAA has previously determined relief
is not required provided the relevant materials published by the manufacturer and the
Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a location accessible to the PIC in
compliance with the regulations)

Section 91.203(b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under§ 91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
(TR-IAG believes relief from this section is not necessary, as the FAA has previously
determined relief is not required provided the relevant materials published by the
manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations are kept in a location accessible
to the PIC in compliance with the regulations)

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft operator or owner shall have that
 aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
 inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
 repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter. (TR-IAG requests relief from this section by
 Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational documents published by
 the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

                                                               5
Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that            -,.
has undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has
been approved for return to service by a person authorized under§ 43.7 of the same chapter.
(TR-IAG requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Section 91.409(a) prescribing that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the
preceding 12 calendar months, it has had- (1) an annual inspection in accordance with part
43 of this chapter and has been approved for return to service by a person authorized by
§43.7 of this chapter; or (2) that no person may operate an aircraft unless, within the
preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness
certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter. (TR-IAG requests relief from this
section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the applicable operational documents
published by the manufacturer and the Proposed Conditions and Limitations set forth in this
petition)

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribing, in pertinent part, that-
 (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
 specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

          (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and records
          of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or approved inspections, as
          appropriate, for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor,
          and appliance of an aircraft. The records must include-

                   (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the Administrator) of the
                   work performed; and
                   (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                   (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person approving the aircraft for
                   return to service.
          (2) Records containing the following information:
                   (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine, each propeller, and
                   each rotor.

                                                               6
                  (ii)The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe, engine, propeller,      ...
                  rotor, and appliance.
                  (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on the aircraft which are
                  required to be overhauled on a specified time basis.
                  (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including the time since the last
                  Inspection required by the inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                  appliances are maintained.
                  (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness directives (AD) and safety
                  directives including, for each, the method of compliance, the AD or safety
                  directive number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive involves
                  recurring action, the time and date when the next action is required.
                  (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by§ 43.9(d) of this chapter for each major
                  alteration to the airframe and currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                  appliances.
(b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:
         (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained until the
        work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.
         (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained and
         transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.
         (3) A list of defects furnished to a reg istered owner or operator under§ 43.11 of this
         chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for
         return to service.
(TR-IAG requests relief from this section by Pilot in Command (PIC) compliance with the
applicable operational documents published by the manufacturer and the Proposed
Conditions and Limitations set forth in this petition)

Extent of and Reasons for Relief Sought
TR-IAG intends to operate one commercially available UAS type (DJI Inspire 1) for the
purpose of aerial work under the provisions of 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial
photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol. TR-IAG
intends to offer commercial "aerial work" services utilizing UAS under the exemptions to 14
CFR Section 135 granted under 14 CFR 119.1(e) as set forth above. Additionally, TR-IAG 's

                                                                    7
pilot, Joao Q. Nunes, holds a Private Pilot Certificate No. 3240621 (Airplane Single &
Multiengine Land) with an excess of 1000 hours of flight time.

Public Interest and Benefit
The above "aerial work" services, normally provided in manned aircraft, may be provided with
increased safety and at significantly lower cost in situations where the use of unmanned UAS
aircraft would supplement or replace the use of manned aircraft as a result of safety or
economic considerations in certain applications where extended operational range and
limited time aloft are not a factor. The proposed UAS operations will pose no threat to the
public given its small size and lack of combustible fuel when compared to larger manned
aircraft, minimize potential ecological affects or damage, and promote economic growth by
providing data information to individuals or companies requiring aerial survey or imaging data.

Exemptions Provide a Level of Safety Equal to or Greater than the Existing Level
under Current Regulations
The use of UAS operated under the requested exemptions as set forth above have the
capacity to operate with less risk of accident or injury and the associated loss of property or
life while performing the same aerial work services offered in manned aircraft in certain
situations where extended operational range and limited time aloft are not a factor.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
Inspire 1 carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of tire following an incident or accident due to
fuel spillage is eliminated.

This petition for exemption does not propose an electronic means to monitor and
 communicate with other aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather
 the risk is mitigated by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from clouds,
 permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UAS be operated within VLOS and
 yield right of way to all manned operations. Additionally, the Proposed Conditions and
 Limitations provide that TR-IAG will request a notice to airmen (NOTAM) prior to operations to
 alert other users of the NAS.

                                                                8
TR-IAG' UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing certain in-flight
contingencies or failures and uses an auto-pilot system to maintain UAS stability
augmentation and control. The UAS is also able to respond to a loss of GPS or a lost-link
event with pre-coordinated automated flight maneuvers. These safety features provide an
equivalent or higher level of safety compared to a manned aircraft holding an airworthiness
certificate (restricted or otherwise) performing a similar operation.

Federal Register Summary
TR-IAG, including its pilot Joao Q. Nunes, seeks exemption from the following regulations for
the purpose of conducting commercial"aerial work" flight operations utilizing Unmanned
Aerial Systems ("UAS") as set forth under the provisions of 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii)
Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol

Relief Considered (14 CFR)  FAA Consideration or Action Requested
Part 21                     Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
45.23(b)                    Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
61.31(a)                    Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L. 112-95) *2
61.31(c)                    Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L. 112-95) *2
61.31(d)                    Relief not necessary (Section 333 of P.L. 112-95) *2
91.7(a)                     Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations *1
91.7(b)                     Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.9(b)(2)                  Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.103(b)                   Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.1 09(a)                  Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.119                      Relief (paragraph c) granted in prior exemption with conditions and
                            limitations *1
91.121                      Relief granted in prior exemption with conditions and limitations *1
91.151(a)                   Relief (paragraph 91.151 (a)(1 ), day) granted in prior exemption with
                            conditions and limitations *1
91.203(a) and (b)           Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.405(a)                   Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.407(a)(1)                Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.409(a)(1) and (2)        Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1
91.417(a) and (b)           Relief not necessary pursuant to prior exemptions *1

*1 in the matter of Douglas Trudeau, Realtor, Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0481
*2 Relief from this section is not necessary under statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L.
112-95 in reference to 49 USC Section 44794 given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating
area associated with the proposed UAS

                                                              9
                                                                                                  ..

Additional Information Offered in Support of this Petition for Exemption
TR-IAG's pilot, Joao Q Nunes ("John"), operated various manned aircraft, including fixed-
wing aircraft since 1993. Additionally, John has operated commercially available UAS
vehicles for the past 8 months for non-commercial personal use in order gain flight
experience and familiarity with the operating characteristics and limitations of the UAS and its
videography and photography systems. Additionally, John has contacted both the local airport
manager and tower manager as a courtesy. As Standard Operating Procedure, TR-IAG
monitors local aircraft traffic utilizing an lcom IC-A22 Transceiver. As a result it is believed
there are certain aerial work situations, where the range and time aloft limitations of UAS are
not a factor, whereby aerial work may be conducted with greater safety and less risk to
persons or property on the ground while offering the same or improved level of aerial work
product. Manned aircraft platforms such as airplanes and helicopters often subject the
occupants as well as persons and property on the ground to higher levels of risk for accident
or injury even while being operated pursuant to all of the applicable federal aviation
regulations.

The DJIInspire 1 UAS is commercially produced and a widely available aerial
videography and photography platform utilizing advanced GPS enabled stability
augmentation and control systems including "failsafe" features allowing the operator to
manually take control of the aircraft or initiate an automated "return to home" feature in the
event of adverse inflight events. The UAS also incorporates automated "failsafe" features to
initiate "return to home" or "autoland" commands in the event of loss of control signal link or
diminished battery output or capacity.

The manufacturer, DJI, provides comprehensive operational and safety manuals for both
UAS and all flights will be conducted in accordance with the requirements and guidance
issued in these manuals.

10
TR-IAG states that§ 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness          'I
certificate. TR-IAG asserts that since there is currently no certificate applicable to his
operation, th is regulation is inapplicable.                                                         ,.....

TR-IAG states that§ 91.9(b)(2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however since     ...
there are no pilots or passengers on board his aircraft and given its size, this regulation is
inapplicable. TR-IAG further indicates an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
maintaining a safety/flight manual with the UAS ground station.

Proposed Conditions and Limitations
TR-IAG (also hereafter referred to as the operator) proposes the following Proposed
Conditions and Limitations in the form of a proposed Grant of Exemption:
The following documents, including any updates or revision by the manufacturer, provided by
the operator in its petition are incorporated by reference, and are hereinafter referred to as
operating documents:

          1) DJI Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.2
         2) DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines (EN) v1 .0
         3) DJI Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines (EN) v1.0
          4) DJI Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual V1 .0
Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

          1) Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
          described in the operating documents, which are quad-rotor aircraft weighing less than
          55 pounds :

                   DJIInspire 1 Unmanned Aircraft System SIN W13DCB06020332
                   (manufacturer's published gross weight 6.47 pounds).
Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
grant.
          2) The UAS may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 43 knots.

11
3) The UAS must be operated at an altitude of no more than 500 feet above ground          ·""
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All
altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.                                            ....

4) The UAS must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot in            ..,...
Command (PIC) at all times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision
unaided by any device other than corrective lenses, as specified on the Plc·s FAA-         ..
issued airman medical certificate.

5) All operations commercial ..aerial work.. flight operations [as defined by 14 CFR
Section 119.1 (e)(1) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi)
Powerline or pipeline patrol] must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UAS must be
operated within the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be
used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. The PIC
must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
prescribed in the operating documents.

6) The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during
UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein
take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise
its operating documents. It is the operator·s responsibility to track such revisions and
present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
operator must also present updated and revised documents if he petitions for
extension or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any
update or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption,
then the operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FANs

                                                   12
UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding              .....'
updates or revisions to the operating documents.
                                                                                           ....
7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for
safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the
UAS, the UAS is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control
Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations
must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight
characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
entry in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in
the relevant sections of the operating documents.

10) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
requirements, in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
and alterations must be noted in the aircraft records, including total flight hours,
description of work accomplished, and the signature of the authorized person returning
the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.

...13 -<!
13) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective       ...,..
action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.
                                                                                            ...
14) UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot
certificate and at least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet  .~
the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC
is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of flight instruction or aerial work as
defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section
119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol, the PIC must have accumulated and
logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of 25 hours of total
time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a
multi-rotor UAS. Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance
with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and
experience-building flights can also be conducted under this grant of exemption to
accomplish the required flight time. However, said training operations may only be
conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UAS with appropriate
distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial work as defined by 14 CFR,
Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi)
Powerline or pipeline patrol, the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner
consistent with 14 CFR 61.51 (b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating the
 make and model of the UAS to be used in operations under the exemption; 5 hours
make and model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed
 above. The PIC must accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days
 (for currency purposes). Training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and
 landing currency flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption to accomplish
 the required flight time and 90 day currency. However, said training operations may
 only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and

                                                      14
experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UAS with appropriate      -
distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91 .119.
                                                                                         ..""
17) The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
work as defined by 14 CFR Section 119.1 (e)(4)(iii) Aerial photography or survey, and    ..-
Section 119.1 (e)(4)(vi) Powerline or pipeline patrol, unless the PIC has demonstrated
and logged in a manner consistent w ith 14 CFR 61.51 (b), the ability to safely operate    -=
the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
distances from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

18) UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1 .
All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).

19) The UAS may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as
denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless, prior to such operation,
the PIC coordinates and obtains authorization and airspace clearance from any
National Airspace System (NAS) controlling authority having jurisdiction over the
affected airspace and establishes and maintains continuous verbal communication or
contact with said authority (ATC) through radio or telephonic methods for the duration
of flight.

20) The UAS may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-
determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operating documents.

22)The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies
in accordance with the operating documents.

                                              15
23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
intended landing point and land the UAS with 30% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of
exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.

25) All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
as large as practicable.

26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
and control of the UAS must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under 14 CFR 91 .9 and 91 .203 must be available to the
PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
official upon request.

28) The UAS must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation
operations and activities at all times

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UAS may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

                                                   16
        31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating         ...
        persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
                                                                                                    ......
                 a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                 persons from the UAS and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator       .....
                 must ensure that non-participating persons remain under such protection. If a
                 situation arises where non-participating persons leave such protection and are
                 within 500 feet of the UAS, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;
                  b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the
                  owner/controller of such vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
                  and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of operating closer to
                  those objects and determined that it does not present an undue hazard , and;
                  c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do
                  not present an undue hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

        32) All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
        permission from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
        from land owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight
        to be conducted.

         33) Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable GOA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts
45, 47, 61 , and 91 .

17
Respectfully submitted,
TR-IAG, LLC

Attachments:
Note: All attachments provided by hyper/ink to insure document revision currency and compliance
with manufacture's copyright policy
1) OJI Inspire 1 User Manual (EN) v1.2

http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/inspire 1/en/lnspire 1 User Manual v1 .2 en.pdf

2) DJI Inspire 1 Safety Guidelines v1.0

b!!P://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/inspire 1/en/lnspire 1 Safety Guidelines en.pdf

3) OJI Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines v1.0

http://download.dji-innovations.com/downloads/inspire 1/en/Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines en.pdf

4) DJI Inspire 1 Maintenance Manual V1 .0

http://download.dii-innovations.com/downloads/inspire 1/en/lnspire 1 Maintenance_ManuaiV1.0 en.pdf

                                                          18
