April 29, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11446
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0890

Ms. Dyan Gibbens
President
Trumbull Unmanned, LLC
5340 Weslayan Street #6588
Houston, TX 77005

Dear Ms. Gibbens:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 24, 20141, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Trumbull Unmanned, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
inspections, mapping, monitoring, and security of infrastructure and operations in the energy
industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

1 By letter dated February 23, 2015, and posted to the public docket on February 25, 2015, the petitioner
responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the Lockheed Martin Indago, 3DRobotics Aero-M,

3DRobotics X8, 3DRobtics Flying Squirrel-Specktre, Unmanned Flying Rolling Orb , Sense
Fly eBee, SteadiDrone, DJI S1000, and Skywalker Flying Wing X8.2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of

exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or

crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in

addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled

by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,

2 The petitioner also proposed to operate the Lockheed-Martin Stalker (Long Endurance) UAS, the Arcturus T-
20 UAS, and the OSU Noctua UAS. The FAA is assessing the fuel source and weight of these UAS. When the
FAA completes its review, we will proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner.
                                                                                                                 3

delegated to me by the Administrator, Trumbull Unmanned, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Trumbull Unmanned, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Lockheed Martin
         Indago Quadrotor, 3DRobotics Aero-M, 3DRobotics X8, 3DRobtics Flying Squirrel-
         Specktre,3DRobotics Fixed Wing, 3DRobotics Multirotor, 3DRobotics Quadrotor, ,
         Unmanned Flying Rolling Orb "UFRO", SenseFfly eBee, SteadiDrone, DJI S1000,
         and Skywalker Flying Wing X8, when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                        4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
TRUMBULLUNMANNED                            1-844-TRUMBULL
                         info@trumbullunmanned.com
5340 Weslayan St. #6588
Houston, TX 77005 USA

  

October  24,  2014  
  
Mr.  James  Williams  
Manager,  Flight  Standards  Service  
Unmanned  Systems  Integration  Office  
Federal  Aviation  Administration  
800  Independence  Avenue,  SW  
Washington,  DC  20591  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  
Dear  Mr.  Williams,  
  
Pursuant  to  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (FMRA),  Trumbull  
Unmanned,  LLC  (Trumbull)  respectfully  requests  exemption  from  multiple  regulatory  
provisions  of  Title  14  of  the  Code  of  Federal  Regulation  (CFR)  and  other  rules  and  statutes  
pertaining  to  usage  of  small  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  (sUAS)  operated  by  Trumbull  in  
support  of  safe  aerial  inspections,  mapping,  and  monitoring  of  infrastructure  and  operations  
in  the  energy  industry.  
  
Please  note,  this  version  does  not  contain  Appendices  B-F  referenced  in  the  submission  
because  it  contains  Trumbull's  commercial  proprietary  information  and  trade  secrets.    
Trumbull  submits  these  appendices  as  a  Confidential  document  under  14  CFR  11.35(b).  
Trumbull  has  not  and  will  not  share  that  information  with  others  unless  under  appropriate  
confidentiality  agreements.  The  content  in  Appendices  B-F  is  protected  from  release  under  the  
Freedom  of  Information  Act.  Sec.  5  U.S.C.  552  et  seq.    
  
The  complete  version  of  Trumbull's  request,  including  all  appendices  for  which  Trumbull  
seeks  confidential  treatment,  has  been  sent  to  Marc  Bury,  Assistant  Chief  Counsel  for  
International  Law,  Legislation  and  Regulations  division  to  allow  access  within  the  FAA  who  
need  to  review  all  portions  of  this  exemption  request  for  full  access  to  the  documents  in  a  
controlled  manner.  We  appreciate  your  efforts;  thank  you  for  your  time  and  consideration  in  
this  matter.    
  
  

                                                      Respectfully,  

  

                                   Dyan Gibbens

  

                                                      Dyan  Gibbens,  President  
                                                      Trumbull  Unmanned,  LLC
TRUMBULLUNMANNED                            1-844-TRUMBULL
                         info@trumbullunmanned.com
5340 Weslayan St. #6588
Houston, TX 77005 USA

  

  
September  29,  2014  
  
Mr.  James  Williams  
Manager,  Flight  Standards  Service  
Unmanned  Systems  Integration  Office  
Federal  Aviation  Administration  
800  Independence  Avenue,  SW  
Washington,  DC  20591  
  
U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE  
Washington,  DC  20590  
  

         Re:  request  for  exemption  from  multiple  regulatory  provisions  of  CFR  for  usage  of  sUAS  
         operated  by  Trumbull  Unmanned  LLC.  in  support  of  safe  aerial  inspections,  mapping,  and  
         monitoring  of  infrastructure  and  operations  in  the  petroleum  industry  
  
Dear  Mr.  Williams,  
  
Trumbull  Unmanned  LLC.  (Trumbull)  respectfully  requests  an  exemption  from  multiple  
provisions  of  Title  14  of  the  Code  of  Federal  Regulations  (CFR)  to  permit  the  use  of  small  
Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  (sUAS)  in  support  of  safe  aerial  inspections,  mapping,  monitoring,  
and  security  of  infrastructure  and  operations  in  the  energy  industry.    
  
This  request  stems  from  a  strong  safety  culture  and  conservative  risk-based  approach  
towards  UAS  operations  to  reduce  hazardous  exposure  and  health,  safety,  and  environment  
(HSE)  risk  within  the  petroleum  industry  and  safety  in  the  energy  industry  at  large.  It  is  
important  to  note  that  these  activities  will  initially  augment  and  complement  current  
practices  and  not  fully  replace  manned  inspections,  monitoring,  or  security.  Safe  integration  
can  revolutionize  the  oil,  gas,  and  power  maintenance  and  repair  cycle  and  enhance  
regulatory  compliance  and  environmental  responsibility.  
  
Accordingly,  the  grant  of  an  exemption  is  consistent  with  the  intent  of  the  Congress,  as  shown  
in  Section  333  of  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  (Section  333)  that  safe  
systems  be  permitted  into  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS)  prior  to  the  issuance  of  final  
regulations  governing  general  use  of  these  systems.    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

Glossary  of  Abbreviations  
  

     ATC         Air  Traffic  Control  
     CFR          Code  of  Federal  Regulations    

     COA         Certificate  of  Waiver  or  Authorization    

     DoD          Department  of  Defense  
     FAA          Federal  Aviation  Administration  

     HSE          Health,  Safety,  and  Environment  

     LOS          Line  of  Sight  
     NAS          National  Airspace  System  

     Section  333     FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012,  Section  333  
     sUAS         small  Unmanned  Aircraft  System  

     UAS          Unmanned  Aircraft  System  

     UAV          Unmanned  Aerial  Vehicle  
     UA           Unmanned  Aircraft  

     GCS          Ground  Control  Station  

     PIC          Pilot  in  Command  
     VLOS         Visual  Line  of  Sight  

  
Background  Information  ­  Trumbull  Overview  

  

Trumbull  integrates  sUAS  into  the  energy  industry  and  offers  data  analytics,  engineering,  
logistics  and  UAS  operational  services.  Located  in  Houston,  Texas,  our  operators  possess  

thousands  of  flight  hours,  both  in  manned  and  unmanned  aircraft,  with  experience  in  
emergency  response,  combat/combat  support,  and  numerous  high-risk  operations.    

  

Each  employee  possesses  a  decade  of  experience  in  both  manned  and  unmanned  aviation,  
ranging  from  DoD  to  commercial  operations.  For  years,  our  team  performed  UAS  operations  

stateside  and  abroad.  During  this  time,  we  researched  global  UAS  best  practices  in  operations,  

logistics,  engineering  and  operational  support.    Also,  Trumbull  collaborates  with  both  national  
and  international  UAS  test  sites  as  well  as  universities  on  developing  technologies,  shaping  

regulations,  and  discovering  and  sharing  best  practices.    
  

In  addition  to  UAS  operational  experience,  Trumbull  has  an  agile  data  science  practice.  Our  

team  is  comprised  of  manned  and  unmanned  pilots,  engineers,  and  programmers.  As  a  
company,  we  focus  on  safety  and  risk  management  through  UAS  operations,  engineering  and  

logistics.  
  

Trumbull  teammates  have  performed  large-scale,  enterprise  wide  aerospace  and  unmanned  

integration  efforts.  To  date,  Trumbull  has  performed  UAS  benefits  assessments,  risk  
mitigation  and  safety  protocol  development,  integration  efforts  and  planning  for  leaders  in  the  

energy  sector.  We  appreciate  and  thank  you  for  your  time  and  consideration  in  this  matter.  

Please  contact  us  for  questions  or  concerns.  
  

                                                     

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   3  

  
  

  
14  CFR  11.81  (a)  ­  Name  and  address  of  the  Petitioner  
  

         Trumbull  Unmanned,  LLC  
         5340  Weslayan  St.  #6588  
         Houston,  TX  77005  
  
   Office:    (281)  624-6827  
         JR@trumbullunmanned.com  
  
14  CFR  11.81  (b)  ­  Exemptions  Requested:  
  
The  FAA  considers  all  aircraft  whether  manned  or  unmanned  as  "aircraft"  flown  by  a  "pilot".  
Title  14  of  the  Code  of  Federal  Regulations  (14  CFR)  governs  the  manner  in  which  all  aircraft  
and  pilots  operate  within  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS).  Due  to  the  nature  of  their  
systems  and  operation,  Unmanned  Aircraft  Systems  (UAS)  are  unable  to  comply  with  certain  
sections  of  14  CFR  as  the  regulations  were  written  prior  to  the  consideration  of  small  UAS  
operating  within  the  NAS.  Trumbull  is  requesting  an  exemption  from  certain  parts  of  14  CFR  
cited  below  in  addition  to  such  further  exemptions  and  relief  as  the  FAA  may  determine  is  
necessary  to  permit  the  operations  described  herein1.    
  
         14  CFR  Part  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  ­  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  
         command  
         14  CFR  Part  91.109  ­  Flight  Instruction  
         14  CFR  Part  91.119  (c)  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes  
         14  CFR  Part  91.121  ­  Altimeter  settings  
         14  CFR  Part  91.151  (a)  ­  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions  
         14  CFR  Part  91.405  (a)  ­  Maintenance  required  
         14  CFR  Part  91.407  (a)  (1)  ­  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  
         rebuilding  or  alteration  
         14  CFR  Part  91.409  (a)(2)  ­  Inspections  
         14  CFR  Part  91.417  (a)  and  (b)­  Maintenance  Records  
  
14  CFR  11.81  (c)  ­  The  extent  of  relief  Trumbull  seeks,  and  the  reason  Trumbull  seeks  
the  relief:  
  
14  CFR  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  

  

         §  61.113  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  in  command.  
         (a)  Except  as  provided  in  paragraphs  (b)  through  (h)  of  this  section,  no  person  who  holds  
         a  private  pilot  certificate  may  act  as  pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft  that  is  carrying  

                                                                                                                         

1  After  reviewing  exemption  No.  11062  and  in  determining  that  the  UA  Trumbull  seeks  to  operate  are  similar  in  

size,  weight,  operating  conditions,  design  safety  features,  and  will  be  operated  under  specific  limitations  
described  herein  and  in  the  attached  appendices  Trumbull  is  not  seeking  an  exemption  from  14  CFR  part  21,  

subpart  H.  
4   Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request  

  
  

         passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire;  nor  may  that  person,  for  compensation  
         or  hire,  act  as  pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft.  
         (b)  A  private  pilot  may,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft  
         in  connection  with  any  business  or  employment  if:  
         (1)  The  flight  is  only  incidental  to  that  business  or  employment;  and  
         (2)  The  aircraft  does  not  carry  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire.  
           
§  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  limit  private  pilots  to  non-commercial  operations,  however  Trumbull  
proposes  that  its  sUAS  PICs  holding  at  least  a  third  class  medical  certificate  and  a  private  pilot  
certificate  is  appropriate.  As  noted  in  Exemption  No.  11062  the  areas  of  knowledge  required  
of  a  private  pilot  to  safely  operate  a  sUAS  in  the  manner  requested  in  this  document  is  
appropriate.    Trumbull  requests  relief  from  §  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  to  allow  a  private  pilot  
certificate  holder  with  a  third  class  medical  to  perform  commercial  sUAS  operations.  
  
14  CFR  91.109  
  
         §  91.109  Flight  instruction;  Simulated  instrument  flight  and  certain  flight  tests.  
         (a)  No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  (except  a  manned  free  balloon)  that  is  being  
         used  for  flight  instruction  unless  that  aircraft  has  fully  functioning  dual  controls.  
         However,  instrument  flight  instruction  may  be  given  in  an  airplane  that  is  equipped  with  
         a  single,  functioning  throwover  control  wheel  that  controls  the  elevator  and  ailerons,  in  
         place  of  fixed,  dual  controls,  when--  
  
The  sUAS  that  Trumbull  intends  to  operate  by  design  do  not  have  fully  functional  dual  
controls.  Flight  control  is  accomplished  through  the  use  of  a  ground  control  station  that  
communicates  with  the  aircraft  via  radio  communications.  Although  the  majority  of  training  is  
conducted  outside  of  a  commercial  operating  environment,  relief  is  requested  for  a  required  
supervision  flight  as  outlined  Appendix  C.      
  
14  CFR  91.119  (c)  
  
         §  91.119  Minimum  safe  altitudes:  General.  
         Except  when  necessary  for  takeoff  or  landing,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  below  
         the  following  altitudes:  
         (c)  Over  other  than  congested  areas.  An  altitude  of  500  feet  above  the  surface,  except  over  
         open  water  or  sparsely  populated  areas.  In  those  cases,  the  aircraft  may  not  be  operated  
         closer  than  500  feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure.  
  
The  inspection,  surveying,  mapping,  and  emergency  response  operations  that  Trumbull  
intends  to  support  must  be  accomplished  at  altitudes  below  500  feet  AGL  thus  an  exemption  
from    §  91.119  (c)  is  needed.  In  accordance  with  current  guidelines,  we  request  operations  
400  feet  AGL  and  below.  
  
  

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   5  

  
  

14  CFR  91.121  
  

         §  91.121  Altimeter  settings.  
         (a)  Each  person  operating  an  aircraft  shall  maintain  the  cruising  altitude  or  flight  level  of  
         that  aircraft,  as  the  case  may  be,  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set,  when  operating...  

            

14  C.F.R.  §  91.121  requires  a  person  operating  an  aircraft  to  maintain  cruising  altitude  or  a  
flight  level  by  reference  to  an  altimeter  that  is  set  to  the  elevation  of  the  departure  airport  or  
barometric  pressure.  Some  of  the  sUAS  Trumbull  intends  to  operate  are  not  equipped  with  a  
barometric  altimeter,  but  instead  use  GPS  for  altitude  control,  which  is  transmitted  to  the  pilot  
via  a  digitally  encoded  telemetric  data  feed.  Relief  from  §  91.121  is  requested  to  allow  the  GPS,  
radio,  or  laser  altimeter  to  be  used  to  maintain  the  correct  AGL  altitude.  

  

14  CFR  91.151(a)  
  

         §  91.151  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions.  
         (a)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  
         wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  
         intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed--  
         (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  
         (2)  At  night,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes.  
         (b)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  a  rotorcraft  under  VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  
         wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  
         intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  speed,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  20  
         minutes.  

  

The  operations  Trumbull  intends  to  conduct  are  not  point-to-point  flights  but  are  limited  to  a  
pre-defined  area  within  visual  sight  of  the  PIC  and  will  not  require  an  airport  for  operations.  
This  risk  of  the  aircraft  running  out  of  fuel  as  outlined  in  §  91.151  (a)  does  not  directly  apply  
to  the  way  in  which  Trumbull  will  operate.  Further  if  Trumbull  were  to  maintain  a  30-minute  
reserve,  some  of  its  UA  its  operation  would  not  be  possible  as  the  reserve  time  is  greater  than  
the  flight  time  of  the  UA.    
  
The  mapping  and  inspecting  operations  Trumbull  intends  to  conduct  will  be  limited  to  
daytime;  however  our  intention  of  supporting  emergency  response  operations  may  require  
night  operations  thus  relief  from  §  91.151  (a)(2)  
  
  
14  CFR  91.405  (a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  and  (2),  and  91.417(a)  and  (b)  

  

         §  91.405  Maintenance  required.  
         Each  owner  or  operator  of  an  aircraft--  

6   Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request  

  
  

         (a)  Shall  have  that  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  
         between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  have  
         discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  chapter;  
           
         §  91.407  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration.  
         (a)  No  person  may  operate  any  aircraft  that  has  undergone  maintenance,  preventive  
         maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration  unless--  
         (1)  It  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  under  §  43.7  of  this  
         chapter...  
           
         §  91.409  Inspections.  
         (a)  Except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  
         unless,  within  the  preceding  12  calendar  months,  it  has  had--  
         (1)  An  annual  inspection  in  accordance  with  part  43  of  this  chapter  and  has  been  
         approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  by  §  43.7  of  this  chapter;  or  
         (2)  An  inspection  for  the  issuance  of  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  accordance  with  
         part  21  of  this  chapter....  
           
         §  91.417  Maintenance  records.  
         (a)  Except  for  work  performed  in  accordance  with  §§  91.411  and  91.413,  each  registered  
         owner  or  operator  shall  keep  the  following  records  for  the  periods  specified  in  paragraph  
         (b)  of  this  section:  
         (1)  Records  of  the  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  and  alteration  and  records  of  
         the  100-hour,  annual,  progressive,  and  other  required  or  approved  inspections,  as  
         appropriate,  for  each  aircraft  (including  the  airframe)  and  each  engine,  propeller,  rotor,  
         and  appliance  of  an  aircraft.  The  records  must  include...  

            

Trumbull  believes  that  an  exemption  from  these  maintenance  requirements  is  warranted  
because  the  UA  will  not  have  an  airworthiness  certificate,  and  the  FAA  has  not  developed  
equivalent  part  91  maintenance  requirements  for  sUAS.  More  specifically,  no  individuals  are  
authorized  by  the  FAA  to  approve  a  sUAS  for  return  to  service  under  91.407(a)  or  to  conduct  
initial  airworthiness  inspections.    
  
14  CFR  11.81  (d)  ­  The  reasons  why  granting  Trumbull's  request  would  be  in  the  public  
interest;  that  is,  how  it  would  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole:    
  
Granting  the  exemption  will  further  public  interest  by  allowing  Trumbull  to  safely,  efficiently,  
and  economically  perform  operations  to  further  safe  UAS  integration  into  the  petroleum  
industry.  An  overarching  goal  of  safely  integrating  sUAS  into  the  petroleum  industry  is  to  
promote  regulatory  compliance  and  environmental  responsibility  for  the  public,  while,  at  the  
same  time,  enhancing  operational  efficiencies  and  cost  savings  and  avoidance  for  petroleum  
companies.    
  

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   7  

  
  

With  a  strong  safety  and  risk  culture,  and  experience  in  UAS  testing,  our  team  will  ensure  safe  
sUAS  integration.    Safe  sUAS  operations  will  reduce  risk  and  unnecessary  exposure  for  
inspectors  and  pilots  as  compared  to  legacy  processes.  Risk  and  change  management  remain  
critical  components  of  this  sUAS  integration.    
  
The  use  of  sUAS  will  improve  incident  response  and  preparedness.  Compared  to  manned  
aircraft,  sUAS  typically  operate  at  less  than  5%  of  the  fuel  usage.  Due  to  lower  operating  costs,  
increased  inspections  will  result  in  proactive  maintenance  and  repair.  Safe  sUAS  operations  
will  enhance  situational  awareness,  and  allow  for  early  detection  and  early  action  when  
incidents  occur.    
  
The  Public  will  benefit  from  improved  regulatory  compliance  through  aerial  
inspections  and  monitoring.  
  

         Trumbull  will  be  supporting  the  energy  industry  through  the  development  and  use  of  
         sUAS  in  the  aerial  inspection  and  monitoring  of  facilities,  freestanding  structures,  and  
         infrastructure.  The  efficient  nature  of  UA  allows  for  more  frequent  inspections  
         increasing  the  likelihood  of  early  detection  of  any  potentially  dangerous  or  harmful  
         structural  breaches.  Further  certain  inspections  are  potentially  dangerous  operations,  
         unnecessarily  placing  personnel  at  risk.  UA  can  perform  these  inspections,  preventing  
         personnel  from  having  to  enter  potentially  hazardous  situations.  Through  benefit  
         analysis,  UA  are  proving  safer  than  legacy  inspection  processes.    UA  usage  will  
         minimize  injuries  (and  reduce  HSE  risk  to  inspectors  and  lost  time  injury  rates  for  
         employees).  
  
The  Public  will  benefit  from  the  enhanced  efficiency  of  the  UA.  
           
         Many  operations  Trumbull  intends  to  perform  are  currently  conducted  by  manned  
         rotorcraft  or  fixed-wing  aircraft.  Compared  to  manned  aircraft,  UA  will  generate  
         significantly  less  air  and  noise  pollution  while  conducting  those  same  operations.  
         Additionally  the  efficient  nature  of  UA  enable  increased  inspection  frequencies  thereby  
         allowing  earlier  detection  of  potentially  harmful  leaks  and  spills.  UA  will  reduce  the  
         carbon  footprint  for  comparable  inspections.  Further,  increased  inspections  will  also  
         enhance  regulatory  compliance  and  environmental  responsibility.  
  
The  Public  will  benefit  from  the  increased  safety  of  UA.  
           
         The  scope  of  work  accomplished  across  the  energy  industry  requires  operations  in  
         remote  areas  and  in  challenging  terrain  or  within  hazardous  industrial  facilities.  
         Successful  integration  of  UA  will  allow  for  safer  operations  in  remote  or  difficult  to  
         access  areas.  They  will  also  increase  safety  in  hazardous  facilities  where  inspections  
         are  required.  Additionally,  UA's  ability  to  support  first  responders  in  emergency  
         situations  provides  a  significantly  increased  level  of  safety  while  coordinating  response  
         efforts.  The  potential  for  increased  inspection  cycles  on  infrastructure  will  further  
         reduce  risks  to  our  client's  employees  and  the  public-at-large.  
  

8   Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request  

  
  

The  Public  will  benefit  from  enhanced  situational  awareness  provided  by  UA  to  
Emergency  Responders.  

           
         UA  serve  as  a  safe  and  efficient  way  to  provide  an  overhead  view  of  emergency  
         situations;  allowing  Emergency  Response  efforts  to  be  coordinated  more  efficiently  
         and  further  minimize  risks  to  responders  and  to  the  public.      
  
14  CFR  Part  11.81  (e)  ­  The  reasons  why  granting  the  exemption  would  not  adversely  
affect  safety,  or  how  the  exemption  would  provide  a  level  of  safety  at  least  equal  to  that  
provided  by  the  rule  from  which  Trumbull  seeks  the  exemption:  
  
14  CFR  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  
  
Trumbull's  sUAS  will  not  be  carrying  passengers  or  any  other  living  thing  and  can  be  safely  
operated  by  a  private  pilot  with  a  thorough  understanding  of  the  NAS  and  the  UA.  The  
additional  training  and  experience  acquired  through  the  pursuit  of  a  commercial  certificate  is  
critical  to  a  pilot  for  hire  who  may  encounter  numerous  situations  during  a  flight  and  must  
ensure  the  safety  of  its  passengers.  The  extra  requirement  of  a  commercial  certificate  does  not  
meaningfully  provide  any  additional  aid  or  safety  to  the  operations  in  the  confined  and  
restricted  manner  with  which  Trumbull  intends  to  operate.  As  outlined  in  Appendix  C,  
Trumbull  operators  undergo  initial  and  periodic  written  testing  and  flight  evaluation  
processes  in  addition  to  the  manufacturer  recommended  training.  The  operations  Trumbull  
intends  to  conduct  will  keep  the  sUAS  in  a  defined  operating  area  and  at  altitudes  well  below  
those  of  conventional  aircraft  ensuring  separation  of  aircraft  at  all  times.    
  
14  CFR  91.109  
  
The  majority  of  training  with  sUAS  will  not  be  conducted  during  operations  outlined  in  this  
petition,  however  as  listed  in  Appendix  C  some  instruction  may  be  necessary.  This  training  is  
important  to  ensure  the  quality  of  Trumbull's  pilots  within  the  commercial  operating  
environment.  Although  the  Instructor  may  not  have  access  to  dual  controls  an  equivalent  level  
of  safety  can  be  achieved  by  ensuring  an  instructor  is  in  arms  reach  of  the  controls  at  all  times  
or  is  able  to  control  the  aircraft  via  alternate  equipment.  Additionally  no  pilot  or  passengers  
are  aboard  the  sUAS  and  all  persons  will  be  a  safe  distance  away  should  the  sUAS  experience  
any  difficulties  during  flight  instruction.    
  
14  CFR  91.119  (c)  
  
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  will  be  achieved  given  the  size,  weight,  speed,  and  operating  
restrictions  and  location  of  the  UA.  Trumbull  will  be  conducting  operations  in  a  clearly  defined  
and  restricted  operating  area  usually  owned  by  the  client.  Operations  will  only  be  in  and  
amongst  participating  personnel  who  have  been  briefed  on  the  operations,  their  potential  
risks,  and  have  acknowledged  and  accepted  those  risks.  Additionally  Trumbull  will  strictly  
adhere  to  the  operating  procedures  outlined  in  Appendix  B  to  ensure  no  operations  are  

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   9  

  
  

unnecessarily  conducted  over  personnel  or  property  that  can  be  injured  or  damaged  by  the  
UA.  By  operating  at  altitudes  below  400  feet  AGL,  UA  operations  will  be  separated  from  those  
conventional  aircraft  that  must  comply  with  §  91.119.  Given  that  UA  operations  will  be  
conducted  in  lieu  of  manned  aircraft  that  are  significantly  heavier,  using  large  quantities  of  
flammable  fuel,  UA  are  significantly  safer  to  the  participants  and  the  public.  
  
14  CFR  91.121  
  
By  `zeroing'  the  AGL  altitude  at  the  launch  point  in  accordance  with  the  procedures  outlined  
by  the  manufacturers  manual  an  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  be  achieved.  In  addition  to  the  
UA  always  being  within  VLOS,  the  PIC  will  have  a  real  time  display  of  the  systems  GPS  altitude  
via  a  digitally  encoded  telemetric  data  feed  downlinked  from  the  UA  to  the  GCS.  This  data  will  
ensure  the  UA  remains  below  the  maximum  operating  altitude  (maximum  400  feet  AGL)  at  all  
times.  
  
14  CFR  91.151  
  
Given  the  size  of  the  sUAS  and  the  manner  in  which  they  are  operated  this  is  as  safe  or  safer  
than  traditional  manned  operations.  Additionally  the  manner  in  which  the  UA  will  be  flown  
within  a  confined  operating  area  and  flying  pre-planned  routes  that  can  be  completed  prior  to  
fuel/battery  depletion  minimize  the  risk  addressed  in  §  91.151.  In  accordance  with  Appendix  
B,  Trumbull  will  maintain  a  20%  fuel  or  battery  reserve  for  all  operations.  This  reserve  will  
ensure  the  UA  can  be  safely  landed  prior  to  reaching  a  critical  fuel  state.  Trumbull's  UA  are  
also  equipped  with  failsafe  mechanisms  that  automatically  return  and  land  the  UA  when  a  
pre-determined  fuel  or  battery  state  is  reached.    
  
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  be  maintained  for  operations  at  night  by  confining  operations  
to  a  defined  area  and  closely  adhering  to  Trumbull's  risk  and  operating  procedures  outlined  in  
Appendix  B  under  the  section  titled  "Night  Operations".  
  
14  CFR  91.405  (a),  91.407(a)(1),  91.409(a)(1)  and  (2),  and  91.417(a)  and  (b)  
  
An  equivalent  level  of  safety  can  be  achieved  by  ensuring  all  manufacturer  published  
maintenance  procedures  in  additional  to  Trumbull's  internal  operational  risk  mitigation  and  
maintenance  processes  are  accomplished.  These  processes  can  be  found  in  Appendix  D.  Given  
the  size  and  manner  in  which  the  sUAS  will  be  operated,  particularly  that  it  will  remain  below  
400  feet  AGL  and  within  visual  line  of  sight,  it  can  quickly  be  landed  after  any  indication  of  
mechanical  issues  further  limiting  any  risk.    
  
  
  
  
  
  

10   Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request  

  
  

14  CFR  Part  11.81  (f)  A  summary  the  FAA  can  publish  in  the  Federal  Register,  stating:  
  

         (1) The  rule  from  which  you  seek  the  exemption  
           
         Petitioner:    Trumbull  Unmanned,  LLC.  
           
         Sections  of  14  CFR  that  Trumbull  seeks  exemption:  
  

                  14  CFR  Part  61.113  (a)  and  (b)  ­  Private  pilot  privileges  and  limitations:  Pilot  
                  in  command  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.109  ­  Flight  Instruction  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.119  (c)  ­  Minimum  safe  altitudes  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.121  ­  Altimeter  settings  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.151  (a)  ­  Fuel  requirements  for  flight  in  VFR  conditions  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.405  (a)  ­  Maintenance  required  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.407  (a)  (1)  ­  Operation  after  maintenance,  preventive  
                  maintenance,  rebuilding  or  alteration  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.409  (a)(2)  ­  Inspections  
                  14  CFR  Part  91.417  (a)  and  (b)­  Maintenance  Records  
           
         (2)  A  brief  description  of  the  nature  of  the  exemption  you  seek:  
           
         Trumbull  seeks  relief  from  the  applicable  parts  of  14  CFR  61  and  91  as  requested  
         within  this  petition  to  allow  Trumbull  to  safely  and  efficiently  conduct  commercial  UAS  
         flight  operations  in  support  of  the  energy  industry  and  to  further  research  and  
         development  for  our  clients  and  the  unmanned  aircraft  industry-at-large.  
     

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   11  

  
  

  
14  CFR  Part  11.81  (g)  ­  Any  additional  information,  views  or  arguments  available  to  
support  Trumbull's  request:    
  
Allowing  this  exemption  will  give  Trumbull  the  ability  to  further  promote  the  development  of  
UAS  technologies  in  a  manner  that  increases  safety,  security,  and  efficiency,  while  providing  
positive  economic  impact  for  our  clients  and  the  public.  Trumbull  maintains  strong  
relationships  across  the  petroleum  industry,  the  unmanned  aircraft  industry,  and  the  FAA  in  
an  effort  to  conservatively  integrate  unmanned  technologies  in  a  manner  that  will  ensure  safe  
operations  that  benefit  the  public  at-large.      An  industry  as  safety-conscious  as  the  petroleum  
industry  is  eager  to  pursue  any  opportunity  to  reduce  risk  to  its  personnel  and  the  public.  
SUAS  are  an  appealing  technology  that  allow  companies  a  way  to  reduce  health,  safety,  and  
environment  (HSE)  exposure  of  petroleum  industry  employees,  partners  and  the  public.  Safe  
and  proper  use  of  sUAS  can  also  support  increased  regulatory  compliance  and  environmental  
responsibility.  The  efficient  nature  of  UA  allow  for  more  detailed  and  frequent  monitoring  and  
documentation  of  wildlife  and  habitats,  reclamation  efforts,  and  air  sampling.  This  increased  
activity  can  all  be  done  while  reducing  environmental  impacts  of  operations.  
  
Trumbull  takes  any  and  all  First  and  Fourth  Amendment  concerns  related  to  the  operation  of  
unmanned  systems  seriously.    Trumbull  operations  will  either  occur  on  the  clients'  private  
property  or  in  remote  locations  where  all  participating  individuals  will  be  aware  of  and  have  
acknowledged  any  imagery  or  video  being  collected.  Additional  procedures  ensuring  privacy  
can  be  found  in  Appendix  B  under  the  section  titled  "Data  Collection".      
  
14  CFR  Part  11.81  (h)  ­  Request  to  exercise  the  privileges  of  the  exemption  outside  the  
United  States,  the  reason  why  Trumbull  needs  to  do  so:  
  
Given  the  global  nature  of  our  client's  operations,  Trumbull  requests  to  exercise  the  privileges  
of  the  exemption  outside  of  the  United  States.  The  activities  of  the  petroleum  industry  are  
global  in  nature  and  will  benefit  from  the  increased  safety,  efficiency,  security,  and  economic  
advantages  of  utilizing  UA.  Trumbull  maintains  a  close  relationship  with  the  International  
Consortium  of  Aeronautical  Test  Sites  and  works  closely  with  those  countries  to  accomplish  
all  ICAO  and  host  nation  requirements.  
  
If  the  FAA  believes  additional  exemptions  beyond  those  requested  in  this  petition  are  
required  for  Trumbull  to  conduct  sUAS  operations  described  here,  we  respectfully  request  an  
exemption  from  any  such  regulatory  provisions  as  deemed  necessary.  For  any  questions  or  
concerns,  please  contact  me  directly  at  the  phone  number  or  email  address  provided.  
  
  

                                                      Very  Respectfully,  

                                                                                                               

                                   Dyan Gibbens

                                                                                                               

                                                      Dyan  Gibbens,  President  
                                                      Trumbull  Unmanned  LLC  

12   Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request  

  
  

                                                              
                                                    Appendix  A  
  
  
Proposed  Aerial  Vehicles  
     
         Lockheed  Martin  Long  Endurance  SUAS  
         Lockheed  Martin  Indago  Quadrotor  
         3DRobotics  Fixed  Wing    
         3DRobotics  Multirotor  
         3DRobotics  Quadrotor  
         Arcturus  T-20  
         Unmanned  Flying  Rolling  Orb  "UFRO"  
         Sensefly  eBee  
         SteadiDrone  
         DJI  S1000  
         Skywalker  Flying  Wing  X8  
         OSU  Noctua  fixed  wing  quiet  UAV  

                                     Trumbull  Unmanned  FMRA  Section  333  Exemption  Request   13  

  
