July 22, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12110
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1120

Mr. Anthony J. Pucciarella
Agent for UAV Solutions, Inc.
ALARIS
PO Box 1835
Lusby, MD 20657

Dear Mr. Pucciarella:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of UAV Solutions, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Phoenix 60.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, UAV Solutions, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, UAV Solutions, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Phoenix 60 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Anthony J. Pucciarella
ALARIS
PO Box 1835
Lusby, MD 20657
240.538.8444
Tony@TeamAlaris.com

14 April 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 45.23(b); 14 CFR 61.101(e); 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a);
91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407(a)
(1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act)
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, UAV Solutions Inc. (UAVS) hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operation of its Phoenix 60 Small
Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) to conduct aerial data collection, provided such operations
are conducted within the conditions outlined in this exemption request or as established by the
FAA. The requested operations will occur at or below 200 feet AGL. Based on similar previously
approved exemptions, the applicant believes this exemption can be approved using the
summary grant process.

UAVS was formed in 2006 to research, design and manufacture unmanned systems. The
Maryland-based company is ISO 9001:2008 certified for the design, manufacture, and sale of
UAS. As described in the following paragraphs, an approved exemption would permit
operations of the UAV Solutions Phoenix 60 multi-rotor UAS under controlled conditions in
limited airspace with the approval of cooperating property owners. These operations would
provide improved safety over the existing means of obtaining the same data with larger
manned systems.

The name and contact information for the applicant is:
Name: UAV Solutions, Inc.
Attn: William Davidson
Phone: 240-456-0195

                                                        Page 1
Address: 8280 Patuxent Range Road, Suite E
             Jessup MD 20794

Regulations from which exemption is requested:

         14 CFR Part 21
         14 CFR. 45.23(b)
         14 CFR 61.101 (e) and 61.113 (a) & (b)
         14 CFR. 91.7 (a)
         14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
         14 CFR. 91.103
         14 CFR. 91.109
         14 CFR 91.119
         14 CFR 91.121
         14 CFR 91.151 (a)
         14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
         14 CFR 91.405 (a)
         14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
         14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
         14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

The UAVS system for this exemption is the Phoenix 60 multi-rotor UAS (see attached
Operations and Maintenance manual for more detailed specifications and procedures). The
Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle weighs 16 pounds fully loaded ­ considerably less than the 55 pound
requirement that defines small UAS. UAVS will operate the Phoenix UAS within Visual Line of
Sight (VLOS) of the Pilot and Visual Observer. The UAS will operate at speeds less than 87 knots
and have the ability to hover. Area of operations will be over private property with owner
permission or public property with permission from the appropriate officials. UAVS operations
will not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public.

Utilization of the Phoenix 60 UAS is of public interest and safety. The Phoenix 60 UAS is less
intrusive than manned helicopters and has less of an impact on the environment. The Phoenix
60 UAS is battery powered and energy friendly. The system takes off vertically from the
operation area which minimizes transit times as well as the possibility of encounters with
manned aircraft.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

UAVS proposes that the requested exemption apply to civil aircraft that have the characteristics
and operational limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an equivalent or
higher level of safety to operations conducted under existing regulations using larger manned
aircraft.

                                                                                                                        Page 2
The limitations and conditions to which UAVS agrees to be bound when conducting commercial
operations under an FAA issued exemption include:

    1. The Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle will weigh less than 55 lbs.
    2. All flights will be conducted within VLOS of the Pilot and Visual Observer in day Visual

         Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
    3. Maximum flight time for each flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be terminated at 20%

         battery power remaining should this condition occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
    4. Flights will be operated at or below 200 feet AGL.
    5. The speed of the UAS will not exceed 87 KTS (100 MPH).
    6. Minimum crew for each operation is a Pilot and Visual Observer.
    7. UAS Pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a recreational pilot certificate

         issued by the FAA.
    8. UAS Pilot and Visual Observer will hold a valid and current US driver's license.
    9. UAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).
    10. Flights will only occur over private property with owner approval or public property with

         permission from the appropriate officials (all required permissions and permits will be
         obtained from territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law
         enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies).
    11. Flight operations will not occur within 500 feet of personnel in the designated area that
         are not part of the specific operation.
    12. PIC will brief all involved personnel on flight operations and applicable safety
         procedures prior to flight operations. A single brief will suffice for multiple flights unless
         there are personnel or operational changes.
    13. The PIC (or designated representative) will file FAA form7711-1 with the appropriate
         Flight Standards District Office (FSDO). Since operations will be conducted at or below
         200' AGL, a "blanket COA" is requested.
    14. UAVS will submit a written Plan of Activities to the appropriate FSDO three days prior to
         planned operations.
    15. Pilot and Visual Observer will have been trained in UAS operations as described in
         Chapter 8 of the attached Operations and Maintenance Manual.
    16. PIC and safety observer will be able to `verbally' communicate at all times by voice.
    17. In case of "loss of communication" or "loss of GPS", the Phoenix UAS will have the
         capability to return to a pre-determined point within the prescribed area of operations
         and land.
    18. In case of "flight emergency" or unpredicted obstacles, the Pilot of the Phoenix UAS will
         have the capability to abort the flight.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1).

                                                                                                                        Page 3
         The Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle weighs 16 pounds fully loaded and carries no pilot or
         passenger, explosive material or flammable liquid fuels. Operations under this
         requested exemption will be conducted in designated areas with property owner
         approval. UAVS operations will be as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft
         operating with an airworthiness certificate. UAVS will follow the Phoenix 60 Operational
         and Maintenance manual requirements and comply with all safety requirements.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
The regulation requires: When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that
aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2
inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

         Given the size of the Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle, an exemption from this rule is requested
         since marking the Air Vehicle with two-inch lettering is not possible. The word
         "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f). This will
         provide an equivalent level of safety where the PIC and Visual Observer, as well as
         others working with the UAS will see the "Experimental" identification.

14 C.F.R. § 61.101 (e) and 61.113 (a) & (b): Recreational and Private Pilot Privileges and
Limitations: Pilot in Command

Sections 61.101 (e) and 61.113 (a) & (b) limit Recreational and Private pilots to non-commercial
operations.

         Since the UAS is not capable of carrying a pilot or passengers, UAVS operations provide
         an equivalent level of safety by requiring the PIC to have a Recreational Pilot's
         certificate. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in the UAVS
         Maintenance and Operations manuals meet or exceed that provided by a single
         individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. Due
         to preplanning, required training, and reduced complexity of operations, a recreational
         pilot with a valid US driver's license will be able to accomplish all operations with an
         equivalent level of safety.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness
The regulation states that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition.

         UAV Solutions is requesting exemption from this requirement since there would be no
         airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS. If exemption from §91.203 (a) (1) is
         granted, there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS which means there
         will be no standard for determining if the UAS is in airworthy condition. Given the size of

                                                                                                                        Page 4
         the aircraft, area of operations, and the detailed set-up, inspection, and safety
         requirements contained in the UAVS Maintenance and Operations manual, an
         equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides that no person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft for
which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless
there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

         Given the size of the Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle and the general nature of UAS operations,
         the Operations and Maintenance manual for flights conducted under this exemption will
         be located in proximity to the PIC and Visual Observer. An equivalent level of safety is
         provided by keeping the manual on the ground for immediate access by the crew.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure
the safety of flight.

         An exemption is needed from this rule since an FAA approved flight manual will not be
         provided for the aircraft. The preflight procedures in chapters 11 and 12 of the
         Operations and Maintenance manual will provide an equivalent level of safety when
         used with the checklist in chapter 16. The PIC will take all actions prior to initiating flight
         including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances,
         and aircraft performance data.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction
Section 91.109 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

         Like other unmanned systems, the Phoenix 60 UAS does not have fully functional dual
         controls so an exemption from this rule is requested. Flight control is accomplished
         through the use of a ground control station that communicates with the aircraft via
         radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
         fully functional dual controls and for flight instruction in experimental aircraft. An
         equivalent level of safety will be provided since neither a pilot nor passengers will be
         carried in the aircraft and by the limited aircraft size, speed, and operational area.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Paragraph (d) allows a
helicopter to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided each person
operating the helicopter complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA.

                                                                                                                        Page 5
         As this exemption is for a small UAS helicopter and seeks authority to operate at
         altitudes up to 200 AGL, an exemption is needed to allow such operations. As set forth
         herein, the Phoenix 60 aircraft will not operate above 200 AGL. An equivalent level of
         safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the UAS as well as the
         location where operations occur. No flight will be taken without the permission of the
         property owner or appropriate official. Because of the advance notice to the property
         owner and participants, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight
         operations as set forth in UAVS Maintenance and Operations manual.

         The Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle weighs 16 pounds fully loaded and carries no pilot or
         passengers, explosive material or flammable liquid fuels. Compared to flight operations
         with manned aircraft or rotorcraft weighing far more than 55 pounds, the risk
         associated with the proposed operations is far less than those presented by
         conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL performing similar operations.
         Additionally, the proposed low-altitude operations of the small UAS will ensure
         separation from manned aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires that each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set when operating below 18,000 MSL to the
elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before
departure (for the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio).

         The Phoenix 60 UAS does not have a barometric altimeter therefore an exemption from
         this rule is requested. Altitude for the Phoenix 60 UAS is maintained using GPS altitude.
         Operations will utilize ground station GPS altitude readout and the Visual Observer to
         monitor proper altitude. An equivalent level of safety is provided by the PIC's use of GPS
         altitude, adherence to the Operations and Maintenance manual, and the requirement
         for VLOS operations to be conducted in day VMC conditions.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

         The battery of the Phoenix 60 UAS provides approximately 40 minutes of flight time. To
         meet the 30 minute reserve requirement of 91.151 would severely limit flight time,
         therefore an exemption from this rule is requested. Due to the proposed altitude
         limitations and the area of operations, a longer time for flight in daylight VMC
         operations is reasonable. The FAA has approved similar exemptions, including
         exemptions 11254, 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808. The Applicant believes that an
         equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 20% of

                                                                                                                        Page 6
         battery power ­ whichever occurs first. This restriction would be more than adequate to
         allow the UAS to return to its planned landing zone from anywhere within the limited
         operating area.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
The regulation provides in pertinent part:

    (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within
    it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

    (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
    paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is
    displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

         The Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle weighs 16 pounds fully loaded and carries no passengers,
         explosive material, or flammable liquid fuels therefore no display of airworthiness or
         onboard documents is required. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
         keeping these documents at the ground control station where the pilot flying the
         Phoenix 60 UAS will have immediate access to them to the extent they are applicable.
         The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation that include but not limited
         to Exemptions 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected
as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         UAV Solutions is seeking exemption to Maintenance Inspections. These regulations
         apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate therefore these sections will not
         apply to the Applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to
         the Operations and Maintenance manual (see chapters 14 and 16). An equivalent level
         of safety is provided because the UAS is limited in size, weight, payload capacity, and
         will be flown in limited areas for short periods of time. If mechanical issues arise, the
         Phoenix 60 Air Vehicle can be landed immediately and will be operating from no higher
         than 200 feet AGL. As provided in the maintenance and operations manual, the PIC will
         ensure that the Phoenix 60 system is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform
         required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
         PIC is the person most familiar with the system and best suited to maintain the Air
         Vehicle in an airworthy condition.

Pursuant to 14. C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register should it be determined that publication is required:

                                                                                                                        Page 7
         Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
         14 CFR §21, subpart H; 14 CFR 45.23(b);14 CFR § 61.101(e); 61.113( a) & (b); 91.7 (a);
         91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a);
         91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); and 91.417 (a) & (b) to conduct aerial data collection.
The operation of the Phoenix 60 UAS weighing 16 pounds in compliance with the strict
conditions outlined above will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested, including exempting the Applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations. The Phoenix 60 UAS operates at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a limited airspace environment. As a result, these operations are far safer than
manned aircraft operations.
Sincerely,

Anthony J. Pucciarella
ALARIS
Agent for UAV Solutions, Inc.
Cc: William Davidson

                                                                                                                        Page 8
