August 4, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12326
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1473

Ms. Tiffany Javernick
uMAP, LLC.
1624 Market Street, Suite 202
Denver, CO 80202

Dear Ms. Javernick:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 3 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of uMAP, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner
requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to acquire aerial imagery.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 3, DJI S1000 +, Sensefly eBee, and
Sensefly eBee RTK.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, uMAP, LLC is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, uMAP, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3,
         DJI S1000 +, Sensefly eBee, and Sensefly eBee RTK when weighing less than
         55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
         new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 3, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
         Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, uMAP, LLC (uMAP), a
survey and aerial imagery acquisition firm, requests exemption from the following Federal Aviation
Regulations (FARs) that are found under Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR): Part 21
Subpart H, 45.23 (b), 61.113 (a) (b), 91.7 (a), 91.9 (b), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.203
(a) (b), Part 91 Subpart E (91.401-91.417). Such exemptions would allow uMAP to commercially operate
its Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs) to acquire aerial imagery for various industries with
respect to the strict operation conditions outlined herein or as established by the FAA as required by
Section 333. The value of sUASs would provide benefits to several industries and uMAP applies for
exemption to allow operations to be conducted within Limited Access Area (LAA), which are areas that
are sparse in population and/or where access is limited to personnel with jobsite clearance. This will
ensure that all persons near the sUAS operations will be given an operations and safety briefing of the
planned sUAS operations and/or uMAP can effectively prohibit persons from entering the flight
perimeter boundaries during the flight operations. Examples of LAAs are construction sites, open-pit
mines, and private property.

uMAP plans to operate sUASs that are rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft, each weighing less than 55
pounds (including payload), at speeds less than or equal to 50 knots, and at or below 400 feet AGL. The
sUASs are constructed out of lightweight materials such as foam and/or plastic, do not carry flammable
materials, and will be operated by a highly qualified Pilot In Command (PIC). Given these operating
limitations, uMAP is confident that operations will not create a hazard to users of the National Air Space
(NAS) nor to the general public and that the operation guidelines herein meet the safety that the
Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow commercial operation of sUAS.
1. Company Background

         uMAP, LLC.
         Tiffany Javernick PH: 719-431-1262 Email: TiffanyJavernick@gmail.com

         1624 Market Street, Suite 202
         Denver, CO 80202

    uMAP is a female owned scientific and technological services company located in Denver,
    Colorado that provides research, analysis, monitoring, and reporting of geographic data
    captured via remote sensing. uMAP is comprised of highly experienced professionals and
    researchers that include a private pilot with 11 years of experience, a Doctor of Philosophy
    (PhD) in engineering, and a published expert on cutting edge technologies that utilize aerial
    photography. This background makes uMAP a strong competitor in the emerging commercial
    sUAS market and a prime candidate to receive an exemption for sUAS operations.

2. Statutory Authority for Exemptions
    FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333
    Under Section 333(a), the FAA "shall determine if certain unmanned aircraft systems may
    operate safety in the national airspace system before completion of the plan and rulemaking
    required by Section 332". Section 333 (b) of the Reform Act lists several factors that should be
    considered in determining which UAS could allowed to operate in the National Airspace System
    (NAS). Factors considered for UAS are "their size, weight, speed, operational capability,
    proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line of sight do not create
    a hazard to the users of the national airspace system or the public, or pose a threat to national
    security". If a UAS satisfies Section 333 (b), Section 333 (c) states that the FAA can determine
    "whether a certificate of waiver, certificate of authorization, or airworthiness certification under
    section 44704 of Title 49, United States Code, is required for the operation of unmanned aircraft
    systems". Therefore, if the FAA determines that UAS meets the criteria of Section 333 (b) and
    does not pose a hazard or threat to the public, NAS, and national security, then the FAA has the
    ability to allow a UAS to operate within the NAS without an airworthiness certification.

3. Meeting the Criteria of Section 333
    The operation of sUASs by uMAP will meet all criteria specified in Section 333 (b) as described in
    the paragraphs below.

         3.a. Size, Weight, and Speed
              All sUASs operated by uMAP will be constructed of strong, yet lightweight material
              allowing all rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft to be well below a weight of 55 pounds
              (including payload). All sUASs will be flown at or below an altitude of 400 feet AGL and
              at speeds below 50 knots. All sUASs will be operated within the pilot's visual line of
    sight, within 1 nautical mile, and in areas with limited access. Therefore, these small,
    lightweight, and slow moving sUASs pose minimal to no hazard to infrastructure or
    persons. Compared to traditional methods of acquiring aerial photographs, the use of
    sUASs offer a considerable risk reduction to aircraft that weigh thousands of pounds,
    carry people, and are powered by flammable materials.

3.b. Operational Capability
    The objective of uMAP aerial photography will be to provide our clients with high
    resolution georeferenced images that can be utilized for analysis including
    construction/mining progress and promotion, agricultural yield monitoring, and digital
    elevation model generation. Digital imagery data has a variety of uses and benefits to
    various industries, but the most compelling argument for allowing sUASs to capture
    such data is their ability to provide safe, cost efficient, and fast methods when
    compared to tradition acquisition methods and thus benefit the economy and the public
    interest. Prior to any flight, the PIC will complete a pre-flight checklist (Appendix A) and
    all flights will be conducted with a specific flight protocol (Appendix B). All sUASs will be
    launched and landed on-site without the need for a runway, all flights will be conducted
    at or below an altitude of 400 feet AGL, and within visual line of sight, and visual flight
    rules (VFR). Given the built-in safety of most operating sUASs and the extensive training
    required for all PICs (Appendix C), the safety of the aerial vehicle will provide a much
    safer option for aerial imaging and would pose a minimal hazard to the NAS or public.

3.c. Proximity to Airports/Populated Areas
    All operations will be performed at considerable and safe distances to airports and
    populated areas. At a minimum, flights will be conducted 5 NM away from general
    aviation airports, at least 3 NM away from any populated area, and at an altitude of 400
    feet AGL or less, which will prevent conflict with manned aircraft operations. Further, all
    operations will be conducted in LAA environments were all persons within the area of
    interest will have explicit information of the flight operations date, time, duration and
    thus operations will not pose a threat to individuals or structures on the ground and will
    remain well clear of any and all air traffic.

3.d. Visual Line of Sight (VLOS)
    The sUASs will be flown in accordance with day Visual Flight Rules (VFR) and only in
    Visual Meteorological Conditions (VMC) during day-light hours. Flights will operate
    within 1 NM and VLOS of the PIC at an altitude 400 feet AGL or less. At this time, the
    applicant is not including a safety observer given that the latest Operation and
    Certification of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (RIN: 2120-AJ60, Federal Register
    NUmbner 2015-03544) proposes that an observer is not necessary. However, the
    applicant will comply with all requirements of the FAA's ruling and future guidelines.
4. Equivalent Level of Safety
    The applicant proposes that exemption be granted to our sUAS operations that have the
    characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations provide an
    equivalent or higher level of safety to operations under the current regulatory structure that
    already operates safe protocols followed by helicopters and conventional aircraft with the
    purpose of acquiring aerial imagery and survey data. Therefore, uMAP sUAS flights will be
    limited to the operations described in Appendix B.

5. Basis for Petition
         5.a. Name and Address of the Petitioner
                   uMAP, LLC
                   1624 Market Street, Suite 202
                   Denver, CO 80202

         5.b. Specific Sections of 14 CFR from which uMAP seeks the following exemptions:
              o 14 CFR Part 21
              o 14 CFR 45.23 (b)
              o 14 CFR 63.113 (a) & (b)
              o 14 CFR 91.7 (a)
              o 14 CFR 91.9 (b)
              o 14 CFR 91.103
              o 14 CFR 91.109
              o 14 CFR 91.119
              o 14 CFR 91.121
              o 14 CFR 91.151 (a)
              o 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
              o 14 CFR 91.405
              o 14 CFR Part 91 Subpart E (91.401-91.417)
              o 14 CFR 11.83

              5.b.1. 14 CFR Part 21 Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R §91.203(a)(1)
                   Part 21 Subpart H establishes the requirements for the issuance of an airworthiness
                   certificate (FAR §91.203 (a) (1)). The applicatant requests exemption from Part 21
                   Subpart H pursuant with Section 333 given the size, and operational capability
                   (Limited Area Access described above), proximity to airports and populated areas,
                   and VLOS operations with which uMAP will operate sUASs. An equal level of safety
                   will be achieved with the operational limitations established in this document
                   (Appendix B) for all uMAP flights. Specifically, our sUASs flights will occur within
                   VLOS of the PIC, at an altitude of 400 feet AGL or less, and only over designated
                   LAAs. Further, coupling our pilots experience in the NAS and with the UAS required
                   training (described in Appendix C) will ensure safely operations without creating a
    hazard to any other aircraft, people, or structures on the ground and thus offers a
    safer alternative for aerial imagery collection.

5.b.2. 14 CFR 45.23 (b): Marking Requirements
    45.23 (b) requires certain aircraft to display the roman capital letter "N" with
    registration number and the words "restricted", "lightsport", "experimental", or
    "provisional", as applicable, on the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station in
    lettering that is between 2 inches and 6 inches in height. The sUASs operated by
    uMAP are unmanned and have no cabin, cockpit, pilot station, or entrance to which
    these required markings could be displayed. In addition, uMAP may not have a
    registration number assigned by the FAA, and therefore seeks full exemption from
    this regulation. However, uMAP proposes to comply with 45.29 (f) by placing the
    word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the largest possible lettering on top of the aircrafts
    fuselage. To ensure an equal or greater level of safety, uMAP also proposes to place
    a flag at the ground control station with the words "EXPERIMENTAL UAS" in 3 inch
    lettering. Together, the flag and sUAS marked as "EXPERIMENTAL" will serve to
    inform all persons within visual distance that UAS' status and operations.

5.b.3. 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in
Command

    Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
    However, since the sUASs will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed
    operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by
    requiring the pilot operating the aircraft to hold a Private Pilots license and to have
    completed the sUAS flight training described in Appendix C. When comparing the
    knowledge requirements of a private pilot compared to a commercial pilot (Table
    C1), the results show that "required areas of knowledge for a commercial versus
    private pilot cover the same fundamental principles" and the "experience obtained
    beyond a private pilot certificate in pursuit of a commercial pilot certificate in
    manned flight does not necessarily aid a pilot in the operational environment
    proposed" (Exemption No. 11062). Further, the risk associated with manned
    commercial flights discussed in Part 61 will be decreased with sUAS operations since
    no pilot or passengers are on board, operations will be in limited to controlled and
    restricted areas, and all flights will be planned and coordinated in advance as set
    forth in the Appendix A and B.

5.b.4. 14 CFR 91.7 (a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
    Regulation 91.7 (a) states "no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an
    airworthy condition". Assuming that uMAP is approved exemption for airworthiness
    certification requested in Section 5.b.1, no FAA standard will exist for determining
    airworthiness. Therefore, uMAP seeks full exemption from this regulation. To
    achieve an equal level of safety, prior to each flight uMAP will perform the pre-flight
    protocol and safety checks described in Appendix A as well as follow all
    comprehensive maintenance procedures established by the specific sUAS
    manufacturer.

5.b.5. 14 CFR 91.9 (b): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft
    91.9 (b) states that no person may operate an aircraft unless there is a current
    approved flight manual for the aircraft onboard. Since the sUASs utilized are small
    and lightweight, it is not physically capable of carrying an aircraft flight manual
    onboard. Given the sUAS is an unmanned aircraft with the PIC located at the ground
    control station, accessing such documents would be impossible during a flight.
    Therefore, uMAP requests exemption from the requirement to carry the aircraft
    flight manual onboard. To provide an equivalent level of safety, uMAP proposes to
    keep the sUASs manufactures' flight manual at the ground station and thus allowing
    the PIC immediate access. The FAA has issued several exemptions to this regulation
    and include: Exemption Nos. 8737,8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A,
    10602, 32827, and 10700.

5.b.6. 14 CFR 91.103: Preflight Action
    Regulation 91.103 requires that the PIC be familiar with specific information before
    each flight such as weather, forecast, and fuel requirements to ensure the safety of
    flight. Further, the PIC must be familiar with the information of the approved flight
    manual relating to aircraft performance and take-off and landing distances. Since
    the operated sUASs will not have fuel or a FAA-approved flight manual, uMAP
    requests exemption from this regulation. To achieve an equal level of safety, uMAP
    will perform the pre-flight actions listed in Appendix A including checking for
    weather conditions, checking flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and
    landing distances, and all other actions listed.

5.b.7. 14 CFR 91.109: Flight Instruction
    Section 91.109 states that "no person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used
    for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls". Since all
    sUASs will be piloted remotely and do not have dual controls, uMAP requests
    exemption from this regulation. An equivalent level of safety can be achieved since
    pilot and passengers are not aboard the aircraft and thus the lack of dual controls
    does not pose a safety hazard. Further, the remote `controls' can be passed back
    and forth between the Instructor and the Student, which will essentially provide the
    same functionality as having dual controls. Examples of exemptions the FAA has
    previously approved for aircraft without fully functional dual controls include:
    Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A.
5.b.8. 14 CFR 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitude
    91.119 establishes safe minimum altitude to operate civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (c)
    specifically states that over "other than congested areas" a civil aircraft cannot
    operate below an "altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or
    sparsely populated areas in those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer
    than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure." Section 91.119 (d) allows
    helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, if the PIC of the
    helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the
    FAA. The functions of the uMAP's sUASs will be to fly at low altitudes over LAAs that
    can be described as "other than congested areas." All flight operations will be flown
    at altitudes of 400 feet AGL or less, within close proximity to the PIC to maintain
    visual line of sight (VLOS). Therefore, uMAP requests exemption from this
    regulation. An equivalent level of safety will be maintained by only operating sUASs
    over areas that meet our definition of Limited Access Areas, which meet the criteria
    of "other than congested areas." Given the small size and lightweight airframes of
    sUASs, these alternative aerial platforms offer a significant risk reduction to persons
    and structures on the ground than a manned aircraft providing the same service.
    Further, by operating the sUASs at or below 400 feet AGL, uMAP will ensure that
    conflicts will be avoided between manned aircraft that are subject to the minimum
    safe altitude regulation of 91.119 and thus provide an equal or greater level of
    safety.

5.b.9. 14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter Settings
    Regulation 91.121 requires aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to a
    current reported altimeter that is set "... to the elevation of the departure airport or
    an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." Since the sUASs
    operated may not have a barometric altimeter, uMAP requests exemption from this
    regulation. However, all sUASs operated by uMAP will be equipped with GPS that
    will provide both an initial altitude of the launch site prior to flight operations as
    well as real time GPS altitude readings during the flight that are visible to the PIC,
    which will ensure that flights at and below 400 feet AGL. Prior to any flight, a
    separate handheld barometer will be utilized to check that the GPS altitude
    accuracy is within a tolerable range. This will ensure a level of safety equal to the
    regulation 91.121. Further details about uMAP's altitude can be found in the pre-
    flight operations of Appendix A, and the flight protocol of Appendix B.

5.b.10. 14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
    Regulation 91.151 (a) outlines fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions and
    states that no person may begin a flight in Day VFR conditions unless there is
    enough fuel to fly to the intended landing point and fly for 30 minutes after that
    point is reached. Since the operated sUASs are battery operated and will not carry
    fuel, uMAP requests an exemption from 91.151 (a). Since most sUASs batteries will
    be exhausted after flights between 20 to 45 minutes (depending on the sUAS
    model), a 30 minute reserve would leave minimal, if any, operational flight time.
    Instead, uMAP proposes to operate its sUASs until the battery reaches 20% of its
    power (as determined by the onboard monitoring system and the PIC). Such an
    operation guideline will ensure that the sUASs will have plenty of battery to return
    to the launch site safely; however, one major advantage of a sUAS is that unlike
    manned aircraft it can easily and safely land anywhere over a Limited Access Areas
    in which its operations are limited to. Similar exemptions have been granted to
    other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,10673, and 10808.

5.b.11. 14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b): Carrying civil aircraft certification and registration
    Regulation 91.203 requires all civil aircraft to have within "...an appropriate and
    current airworthiness certificate" which must be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit
    entrance so that is legible to passengers or crew." As requested in Section 5.b.1,
    uMAP is already seeking exemption from the airworthiness certificate regulation
    and thus requires an exemption from this regulation. Further, since the small size
    and design of sUASs do not provide cabin or cockpit, there is no ability to carry
    passengers or certification and registration documents. To provide an equal level of
    safety, uMAP proposes keep these documents at the ground flight control point
    where the PIC will have immediate access, to the extent they are applicable to the
    sUAS. Numerous exemptions to this regulation have been granted and include:
    Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

5.b.12. Part 91 Subpart E (91.401-91.417): Maintenance, Preventative Maintenance
and Alterations

    These regulations outline the requirements for maintenance and inspections in
    reference to Part 39 and Part 43. 91.405 (a), which states that "no person may
    perform maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alterations on an aircraft other
    than as prescribed in this subpart and other applicable regulations, including part 43
    of this chapter." Since these sections apply to only aircraft with an airworthiness
    certificate, for which uMAP has applied for exemption (Section 5.b.1), uMAP also
    seeks full exemption from these regulations. Prior to any flight, the PIC will be
    responsible for conducting pre-flight inspections and will following all inspection
    requirements specified by the manufacturer of the utilized sUAS. Further details can
    be found in Appendix A.

    Preventative maintance and corrective maintance will be conducted by the
    manufacture if so stated by the manufactures' guidelines. However, in instances
    that the manufacture does not require maintance to be performed by the
    manufacturer, then the PIC will be responsible for conducting maintenance in
                   accordance with the manufactures procedures and all maintenance performed by
                   the PIC and/or manufacturer will be documented in accordance with 91.407 (a) (1).
                   Specifically, records will include "a description of the work performed; and the date
                   of completion of the work performed; and the signature of the person approving
                   the aircraft for return to service." Further, uMAP will ensure that no modifications
                   or alterations are made to the airframe that affects the flight operating
                   characteristics of the sUAS. These proposals are considered to be an equivalent level
                   of safety since these sUASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and
                   operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. In the event that
                   mechanical issues arise, the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from
                   no higher than 400 feet AGL.

6. Benefits to the Public
    Approval of the above exemptions and commercial operation of sUASs by uMAP will benefit the
    public in the following four ways.
    1) The commercial use of sUASs to acquire aerial photographs will reduce the need for manned
         aircraft operating in the NAS. With the skies of America becoming busier and Air Traffic
         Control (ATC) workloads overburdened, the use of sUASs will offer some relief to ATC since
         coordination during ground, take-off, departure, transit, arrival, and landing phases of flights
         is not necessary.
    2) Reduced manned aircraft will reduce air and noise pollution. Since all sUASs operated by
         uMAP will be lightweight and battery powered, these sUASs electric motors operate much
         quieter than manned aircraft and do not burn fossil fuels. Typically, aerial photography is
         captured by twin engine fixed wing aircrafts that burn between 20 to 30 gallons of fuel per
         hour and can require significant travel time before reaching the intended area of interest.
         However, acquiring aerial imaging with sUASs can takeoff and land on site and would greatly
         reduce both air pollution and noise pollution which is of great benefit to the public.
    3) Operating sUASs for the purpose of aerial photography also reduces the risk to life and
         property on the ground. When compared to a twin engine airplanes, sUASs' size, weight,
         slow speed, and lack of flammable liquids are considerably less dangerous to people and/or
         structures on the ground.
    4) Operations of sUASs offer an effective, affordable, and safe method to acquire aerial
         photography to many business industries such as mining, construction, and agriculture. Such
         cost efficiencies and improved knowledge from available data will result in greater business
         efficiency and thus the potential for economic growth for such industries. These
         high-resolution imagery data generated from sUAS flights can help mines and construction
         sites monitor progress, plan and design future improvements/work, and aid in site surveys
         in both two-dimensional maps and three-dimensional terrain models. Further, farmers and
         scientists can use this aerial data to estimate biomass, yield monitoring, leaf area indexing,
         and overall crop health. In all, this data will provide the information necessary for
         businesses of today to thrive in the future and thus in the publics' interest.
7. Summary for Federal Register
    Pursuant to with Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, uMAP LLC
    requests exemption from the following Federal Aviation Regulations that are found under Title
    14 of the Code of Federal Regulations: Part 21 Subpart H, 45.23 (b), 61.113 (a) (b), 91.7 (a), 91.9
    (b), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151 (a), 91.203 (a) (b), Part 91 Subpart E (91.401-91.417).
    Exemption from these regulations would allow uMAP, LLC to operate small unmanned vehicle
    (of 55 pounds or less) in areas with limited and controlled access for the purpose of providing
    high-resolution aerial imagery.
    APPENDIX A: Pre-flight protocol

    This section is divided into two areas of i) 24 hours prior to flight and ii) an immediate pre-flight

    inspection checklist.

1) 24 hours prior to flight:

     Prior to a sUAS flight, an area of operation will be established. This area of operation will
         include a defined lateral and vertical area, where the sUAS will operate. Safety procedures
         will be established for persons, property, and applicable airspace within the area of
         operation.

     Flights will be operated within line of sight of the PIC.
     The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs total.
     Flights will be operated in Class G airspace whenever possible. lf operation in other airspace

         is required, the relevant controlling agency will be notified at least 24 hours prior to the
         operation and, if required, any necessary permission obtained.
     Flight planning will include flight completion with at least 20% battery power remaining as
         measured by the sUAS or appropriate timing.
     lf equipped, and appropriate for the operation, sUAS aircraft will utilize GPS navigation,
         failsafe, return-to-home (RTH) and/or flight abort safety features.
     A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to operation at
         each new location. All personnel who will be performing duties within the boundaries of the
         area of operation will be present for this briefing. Therefore, images taken will be of
         individuals who have also consented to being photographed or otherwise have agreed to be
         in the area where aerial photography will take place.
     All required permissions and permits will be obtained from appropriate state, county or city
         jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or others appropriate governmental
         agencies.
     Written, to include electronic, and/or oral permission from the relevant property owners
         will be obtained prior to an operation.
     All employees working on-site will be thoroughly briefed on sUAS operations prior to

         operations commencing
2) Pre-flight inspection checklist
    The pre-flight checklist/inspection will follow the specific pattern and sequence before each
    flight.
    A. Ground station setup:
             I. Place the "EXPERIMENTAL" flag near the area of PIC
            II. Visually scan the area of operation for any unforeseen hazards, persons, or
                   infrastructure
           III. Check that all relevant documents are on site and within easy access. These include:
                         i. PIC's pilot license and medical certificate
                         ii. Proof of company's FAA exemptions
                        iii. sUAS manufacturer's flight manual
                        iv. All maintenance records
    B. Pre-start sUAS inspection checklist
             I. Check to ensure the sUAS power is "OFF"
            II. Battery
                         i. Check sUAS batter is fully charged
                         ii. Check the hand-held controller's battery is fully charged
           III. Visually inspect the following
                         i. All propeller blades are free of damages
                         ii. All propeller blades are securely attached to the sUAS
                        iii. All surfaces are free from damages
                        iv. Antenna is undamaged
    C. Pre-flight inspection checklist
             I. Turn on the controller and sUAS battery
                         i. Ensure that all available system read-outs are clearly displayed on the
                             controller and within normal range
                         ii. Test the functionality and free movement of:
                                  1. Propulsion blade(s)
                                  2. Ailerons (if applicable)
                                  3. Check the GPS altitude reading of the sUAS is within range of a
                                       separate hand held barometer.
            II. Test flight
                         i. Prior to flying the sUAS for commercial purposes, the aircraft must
                             successfully demonstrate a successful flight of approximately one minute in
                             duration, in a small area free from any hazards, persons, and property and
                             at an elevation at or below 10 feet AGL.
APPENDIX B: Flight protocol

Safety is the first and foremost concern of uMAP. Therefore, the following outlines the

limitations and conditions which will govern all commercial operations conducted by uMAP PIC

in lieu of the approved FAA exemptions and all aircraft will be limited to the specifications of

Appendix D.

 The sUAS will be less than 55 pounds (including payload)

 All sUAS flights will be piloted by an FAA licensed airman with at least a Private Pilot
    certificate and who will have completed the training outlined in Appendix C.

 The sUAS FAA licensed airman will be considered Pilot in Command (PlC), whether flying or
    supervising, and will be responsible for safe operation of the flight.

 The sUAS will operate at or below 400 feet AGL
 No flight will be conducted if wind speeds are in excess of 20 mph.
 The sUAS will operate within 1 NM and within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC
 The duration of each flight shall not exceed 20% of the sUAS battery's power or a maximum

    total flight time of 30 minutes, whichever occurs first.

 All take-off and landings will occur on-site in accordance with the specifications of the sUAS
    manufacture's User Manual

 Flights will avoid direct overflight of any office or maintenance buildings located on-site
 Flights will be cancelled in the event that any aircraft or ground control station equipment is

    inoperative or not fully functional
 Flights will be operated under visibility and cloud clearance requirements equivalent to

    Visual Flight Rules (VFR) and only in Visual Meteorological Conditions during daylight hours
 If the PIC identify a potential hazard, such as a manned aircraft within close proximity to the

    designated flight area, the PIC will immediately land the sUAS and operations will only
    resume after the hazard is clear of the area
 Only one sUAS will be airborne at any given time over a specific site, and at least 2NM away
    from any other sUAS operation.
 Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS PlC. An observer is not specified
    since all operations will be limited to visual line of sight (VLOS) operations and that the
    recent proposals of the `Operation and Certification of Small unmanned Aircraft Systems'
    (RIN: 2120-AJ60, Federal Register Number: 2015-03544) does not require such an observer.
    However, if the FAA decides in this exemption request, or in future regulations that a flight
    observer is necessary, than uMAP will comply.
 The sUAS PIC will establish a working relationship with a representative at the local FSDO
    with which to annually review safety procedures and other operations to further enhance
    safety.
 All operations will be confined to a Limited Access Area (LAA), which are areas that are

    sparse in population and/or where access is limited to personnel with jobsite clearance. This

    will ensure that all persons near the sUAS operations will be given an operations and safety

    briefing of the planned sUAS operations and/or uMAP can effectively prohibit persons from

    entering the flight perimeter boundaries during the flight operations.
APPENDIX C: Pilot training protocol
With safety the highest priority, proper sUAS flight training is imperative. While uMAP seeks
highly qualified pilots who have extensive knowledge within the NAS, operations of sUAS are
unique to manned aircraft as well as to other types of sUAS. Therefore, the following pilot
training is required in addition to at least a Private Pilots Certificate.

 The PIC must possess a Private Pilot's Certificate and a valid third-class medical certificate

 The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of
    total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar
    UAS type (single blade or multirotor).

 The PIC must have accumulated and logged a minimum of five hours as UAS pilot with the
    make and model of UAS to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-
    offs and landings in the preceding 90 days.

 The PIC will be trained in advance for the safe operation of the sUAS to be operated. This
    will include operation of the sUAS both in normal and emergency modes of operation, and
    will include familiarization with the operation manual (or similar) if published by the sUAS
    manufacturer. Training will also include types of maneuvers to be performed and the safe
    operation in relation to persons, property and applicable airspace.

 Further, the PIC must have also satisfied any additional qualifications/training/experience
    that are required by the sUASs manufacturer (i.e. flight operations and procedures manual).

At this time, uMAP does not require pilots to hold a Commercial Pilot Certificate. As shown
below in Table C1, the overall knowledge of a Private Pilot vs. a Commercial Pilot is sufficient for
the flight maneuvers required for sUAS operations.

Table C1: Private pilot vs. Commercial Pilot knowledge (Taken from Exemption No. 11062).

Commercial Knowledge                                    Private Knowledge

**Airplane Single Engine Land (ASEL) used for comparison**

§ 61.125 Aeronautical knowledge. (a) General. A person § 61.105 Aeronautical knowledge. (a) General. A

who applies for a commercial pilot certificate must     person who is applying for a private pilot certificate

receive and log ground training...                      must receive and log ground training...

(b) Aeronautical knowledge areas.                       (b) Aeronautical knowledge areas.

(1) Applicable Federal Aviation Regulations of this     (1) Applicable Federal Aviation Regulations of this
chapter that relate to commercial pilot privileges,     chapter that relate to private pilot privileges,
limitations, and flight operations;                     limitations, and flight operations;

(2) Accident reporting requirements of the National     (2) Accident reporting requirements of the National
Transportation Safety Board;                            Transportation Safety Board;

(3) Basic aerodynamics and the principles of flight;    (10) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and
                                                        aircraft systems;

(4) Meteorology to include recognition of critical      (6) Recognition of critical weather situations from the
weather situations, windshear recognition and           ground and in flight, windshear avoidance, and the
avoidance, and the use of aeronautical weather reports  procurement and use of aeronautical weather reports
and forecasts;                                          and forecasts;
Table C1 continued.

Commercial Knowledge                                         Private Knowledge

                     **Airplane Single Engine Land (ASEL) used for comparison**

(5) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft;                (7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including
                                                             collision avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of
                                                             wake turbulence;

(6) Weight and balance computations;                         (9) Weight and balance computations;

(7) Use of performance charts;                               (8) Effects of density altitude on takeoff and climb
                                                             performance;

(8) Significance and effects of exceeding aircraft           **Related to other areas within the private
performance limitations;                                     requirements but not referenced specifically**

(9) Use of aeronautical charts and a magnetic compass        (4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using
for pilotage and dead reckoning;                             pilotage, dead reckoning, and navigation systems;

(10) Use of air navigation facilities;                       (4) Use of aeronautical charts for VFR navigation using
                                                             pilotage, dead reckoning, and navigation systems;

                                                             (5) Radio communication procedures;

(11) Aeronautical decision making and judgment;              (12) Aeronautical decision making and judgment; and

(12) Principles and functions of aircraft systems;           (10) Principles of aerodynamics, powerplants, and
                                                             aircraft systems;

(13) Maneuvers, procedures, and emergency operations         (7) Safe and efficient operation of aircraft, including
appropriate to the aircraft;                                 collision avoidance, and recognition and avoidance of
                                                             wake turbulence;

                                                             (11) Stall awareness, spin entry, spins, and spin recovery
                                                             techniques for the airplane and glider category ratings;

(14) Night and high-altitude operations; **                  **Although not mentioned in § 61.105, 3 hours of night
                                                             flight training is required for the private per § 61.107
(15) Procedures for operating within the National            and § 61.109. For this comparison, high-altitude
Airspace System; and                                         operations are considered not applicable.**

(16) Procedures for flight and ground training for lighter-  (3) Use of the applicable portions of the "Aeronautical
than-air ratings.**                                          Information Manual" and FAA advisory circulars; (13)
§ 61.127 Flight proficiency. (a) General. A person who       Preflight action that includes-- (i) How to obtain
applies for a commercial pilot certificate must receive      information on runway lengths at airports of intended
and log ground and flight training                           use, data on takeoff and landing distances, weather
(b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category         reports and forecasts, and fuel requirements; and (ii)
rating with a single-engine class rating:                    How to plan for alternatives if the planned flight cannot
(i) Preflight preparation;                                   be completed or delays are encountered.

                                                             **For this comparison (ASEL), these operations are
                                                             considered not applicable.**

                                                             § 61.107 Flight proficiency. (a) General. A person who
                                                             applies for a private pilot certificate must receive and
                                                             log ground and flight training

                                                             (b) Areas of operation. (1) For an airplane category
                                                             rating with a single-engine class rating:

                                                             (i) Preflight preparation;
Table C1 continued.

Commercial Knowledge                                            Private Knowledge

                                **Airplane Single Engine Land (ASEL) used for comparison**

(ii) Preflight procedures;                   (ii) Preflight procedures;

(iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;  (iii) Airport and seaplane base operations;

(iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;     (iv) Takeoffs, landings, and go-arounds;

(v) Performance maneuvers;                   (v) Performance maneuvers;

(vi) Ground reference maneuvers;             (vi) Ground reference maneuvers;

(vii) Navigation;                            (vii) Navigation;

(viii) Slow flight and stalls;               (viii) Slow flight and stalls;

(ix) Emergency operations;                   (x) Emergency operations;

(x) High-altitude operations; and            **For this comparison, high-altitude operations are
                                             considered not applicable.**

(xi) Postflight procedures.                  (xii) Postflight procedures.

**Not referenced specifically**              (ix) Basic instrument maneuvers;

**Not referenced specifically**              (xi) Night operations, except as provided in §61.110 of
                                             this part; and
APPENDIX D: Utilized aircraft
At this time, uMAP does not own sUASs for commercial operation and has not specified the
particular aircrafts in which will be operated. Instead, uMAP has specified that both rotorcraft
and fixed wing UAS systems will be within our fleet of operating aircraft. With the emerging
technologies of UAS growing rapidly and becoming more affordable, it would benefit uMAP to
have the liberty to utilize various aircraft and to have the ability to upgrade without regard to
the particular exemption status. In order to provide as much aircraft detail as possible, uMAP
will be limited to the aircraft that meet the following specifications:

     All aircraft (rotor and fixed wing) will:
              o Have a weight less than 55 lbs
              o Operate at speeds slower than 50 knots
              o All equipment mounted to the aircraft(s) will be performed by the manufacturer
              o All aircraft will be products of reputable companies with at least 3 years of
                   operation (e.g. SenseFly, DJI, Aeryon, Trimble, Skycatch, etc.).
              o All aircraft will use radio frequency that comply with the Federal
                   Communications Commission requirements. As a general rule, flight controls
                   and data links will not interfere with manned aircraft communication and radio
                   frequencies will range between 900 mhz and 5.8 ghz.
              o Be able to safely operate in wind conditions greater than 20 mph.
              o Have proven and built in safety features. These can include, but are not limited
                   to:
                         Emergency landing
                         Return to `Home'
                         Restart propeller
                         Ground proximity detection
                         Self-monitoring capabilities such as battery levels, wind speeds, etc.
