April 17, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11353
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014-1105

Mr. E. Tazewell Ellett
Counsel for Union Pacific Railroad
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
Washington, DC 20004

Mr. Patrick Rizzi
Counsel for Union Pacific Railroad
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
Washington, DC 20004

Dear Mr. Ellett and Mr. Rizzi:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 23, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Union Pacific Railroad (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct assessments circumstances following an incident that involves Union
Pacific property and/or personnel and for training flights.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an AirCover QR-425s.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Union Pacific Railroad is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Union Pacific Railroad is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the AirCover QR-425s
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
                                                                                                            4

    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                               HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                 BEFORE THE
              FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
___________________________________________________

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD,                              Docket No. FAA-2014-_____
                                        Petitioner.

                        PETITION OF UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD
FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM CERTAIN FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS

     TO PERMIT UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS (UAS) OPERATIONS

            E. Tazewell Ellett
            Patrick R. Rizzi
            Hogan Lovells US LLP
            555 13th Street, N.W.
            Washington, DC 20004
            Phone: 202-637-8644/-5659
            Fax: 202-637-5910
            tazewell.ellett@hoganlovells.com
            patrick.rizzi@hoganlovells.com

            COUNSEL TO UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

DATE: December 23, 2014

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                      HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                   TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. BACKGROUND INFORMATION: THE PETITIONER ................................................ - 1 -

2. PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS: THE EXEMPTION REQUEST............................. - 1 -

3. PROPOSED CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS ......................................................... - 2 -

      3.1 Conditions and limitations regarding the proposed UAS .......................... - 2 -
      3.2 Conditions and limitations regarding the proposed UAS operations ...... - 4 -
      3.3 Conditions and limitations regarding the PIC and other

                crewmembers ­ qualifications and training................................................. - 10 -
      3.4 Conditions and limitations regarding UP manuals related to UAS

                operations........................................................................................................ - 12 -

4. REQUEST FOR DETERMINATION UNDER SECTION 333 OF FMRA ..................... - 14 -

5. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY 14 CFR § 11.81 TO SUPPORT A PETITION
      FOR EXEMPTION......................................................................................................... - 15 -

      5.1 Contact information:....................................................................................... - 15 -
      5.2 The specific section or sections of the FAR from which exemption

                is sought: ......................................................................................................... - 16 -
      5.3 The extent of relief sought and the reason relief is sought:...................... - 17 -
      5.4 Reason why granting the request would be in the public interest: .......... - 32 -
      5.5 Reason why granting the exemption would not adversely affect

                safety, or how the exemption would provide a level of safety at
                least equal to that provided by the rule from which exemption is
                sought: ............................................................................................................. - 34 -
      5.6 Summary that can be published in Federal Register, including the
                rule from which exemption is sought, a brief description of the
                nature of the exemption sought:................................................................... - 35 -
      5.7 Additional information that supports request: ............................................ - 35 -
      5.8 Request to exercise the privileges of the exemption outside the
                U.S.: .................................................................................................................. - 35 -
      5.9 Attachments:................................................................................. - 35 -

6. CONCLUSION............................................................................................................... - 36 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP
1. BACKGROUND INFORMATION: THE PETITIONER

          Union Pacific Railroad ("UP") is the principal operating company of Union Pacific
Corporation, which is one of the United States' leading transportation companies. UP is North
America's premier railroad franchise, with operations covering 23 states across the western two-
thirds of the United States.

          On occasion, UP railroad operations are involved in unplanned incidents that require
assessment and the creation of a response plan by UP to ensure the safety of the public, first
responders, and our employees. For the purpose of this Petition, an incident is an occurrence
associated with the operation of a railroad that affects, or could affect, the safety of operations, or
results in, or could result in, death, serious bodily injury or significant property damage. Such
incidents may include actual or suspected derailments, hazardous materials ("hazmat") releases or
other circumstances that might pose a threat to the safety, security, or well-being of the public, first
responders, UP employees, private or public property, or the environment. When such an incident
occurs, a quick and accurate assessment of the nature and scope of hazards can be a matter of life
and death. An exemption allowing UP to utilize a UAS for such assessments could save lives.

2. PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS: THE EXEMPTION REQUEST
          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FMRA") and 14

C.F.R. ("FAR") §§ 11.61(b), 11.63(a), and 11.81, UP requests that the FAA grant to UP an
exemption from certain sections of the FAR (detailed below) to permit UP to operate one or more
small UAS (up to two simultaneously, but with separate flight crews) for the purpose of conducting
assessments when UP railroad engines, cars, tracks or other property are, or may be, involved in an
incident ("Incident Assessment", and the corresponding UAS flight, "Incident Assessment Flight"), as
well as for training, proficiency, and experience-building flights to ensure that the UAS crew is
qualified and current for the Incident Assessment Flights ("Training Flights"). Incident Assessments

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

would involve generating still or video photography of the incident site, air samples, and similar data
in order to identify and evaluate suspected and actual conditions, threats, the status of incident sites,
and response options. UP plans to conduct these Incident Assessment Flights for assessing actual
or suspected derailments, hazmat releases or other circumstances that might pose a threat to the
public, first responders, UP employees, private or public property, or the environment. The purpose
of such Incident Assessment Flights will be to determine how best to respond to each incident in the
safest and most effective manner. For instance, the data gathered in connection with Incident
Assessment Flights could help UP and local authorities identify areas that need to be evacuated in
light of a hazmat release, or prevent first responders from entering a hazardous area without proper
equipment. As explained below, UP's proposed small UAS operations, as conditioned and limited
herein, will not adversely affect safety, but rather will provide a level of safety equal to or greater
than that provided by the current rules and large manned aircraft operations. See FAR § 11.81.

3. PROPOSED CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS
          The small UAS operations proposed in this Petition will be subject to the following conditions

and limitations. Each of these conditions and limitations is consistent with previously granted small
UAS Section 333 exemptions and FAA guidance. See, e.g., Exemption No. 11110 (December 10,
2014; Docket FAA-2014-0367) ("Trimble Exemption"); Exemption No. 11109 (December 10, 2014;
Docket FAA-2014-0507) ("Clayco Exemption"); Exemption No. 11062 (September 25, 2014; Docket
FAA-2014-0352) ("Astraeus Exemption").

          3.1 Conditions and limitations regarding the proposed UAS
          UP intends to operate the AirCover QR-425s UAS ("the AirCover UAS") under the
exemption. The AirCover UAS is a battery-powered, quad-rotor system, which uses 10-inch fixed-
pitch or 12-inch polymer propellers. The developmental and operational history of the AirCover UAS

                                                                -2-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

extends to 2008 with unit one, first generation. That UAS is currently operational and has over 9,000
cycles without an incident. The QR-425 registered with AirCover has been flown without incident
exceeding 980 hours and 115 cycles. No customer-registered QR-425s flown under COAs have reported
any incidents. The QR-425 has been reviewed under DHS / RAPS Certification with FAA representatives
in Oklahoma City for certification in February 2014. The QR-425 has been flying for over four years
without any reported incidents. The FAA has on file a QR-425 Experimental Airworthiness Certification
(pending) with an incident-free range in Northern California since 2012. Each AirCover UAS used in
operations under the exemption will be subject to the following conditions and limitations:

                               3.1.1 Operations under the exemption will be limited to the AirCover UAS.
                                         The free flying unmanned aircraft portion of the UAS ("the UA") will
                                         have a gross weight of not more than 7 pounds, including energy
                                         sources and equipment. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 1]

                               3.1.2 The UA has maximum dimensions of approximately 28 inches x 28
                                         inches x 11 inches.

                               3.1.3 The UA will have a maximum cruise speed of 28 knots and will not be
                                         flown at an indicated airspeed in excess of 28 knots. [Trimble
                                         Exemption Limitation No. 2]

                               3.1.4 The UA will have a maximum operating time of 30 minutes.
                               3.1.5 The UA will be identified by serial number, and registered with the

                                         FAA in accordance with FAR Part 47. [Trimble Exemption Limitation
                                         No. 21]
                               3.1.6 The UA will have identification markings in accordance with FAR Part
                                         45, with the markings being as large as practicable. [Trimble
                                         Exemption Limitation No. 21]

                                   -3-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          3.2 Conditions and limitations regarding the proposed UAS operations
          All UAS operations under the exemption will be subject to the following conditions and
limitations:

                               3.2.1 All UAS operations will be covered by an Air Traffic Organization
                                         ("ATO")-issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization ("COA"), and the
                                         COA will require that UP request a Notice to Airman ("NOTAM")
                                         before each UAS operation. UP will request a NOTAM not more than
                                         72 hours in advance of, but not less than 48 hours prior to, each
                                         Training Flight. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 20] UP will
                                         request a NOTAM as far in advance as reasonably practical, but not
                                         more than 72 hours, prior to each Incident Assessment Flight.

                               3.2.2 The UA will not operate in Class B, C or D airspace without written
                                         approval from the FAA [Astraeus Exemption Limitation No. 34] and a
                                         Mode C transponder with VHF radio communications. The UA will
                                         operate only in Class G airspace. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No.
                                         27]

                               3.2.3 The UA will not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
                                         center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-
                                         published aeronautical chart unless a letter agreement with the
                                         airport's management is obtained, and, if time reasonably permits, a
                                         corresponding NOTAM is issued. UP will make this letter agreement
                                         available to the FAA upon request. [Astraeus Exemption Limitation
                                         No. 34]

                               3.2.4 Prior to UAS operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for
                                         operation and control of the UA (900 MHz and 2.4 GHz) will comply

                                                                -4-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                         with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other
                                         appropriate government oversight agency requirements. [Trimble
                                         Exemption Limitation No. 22]
                               3.2.5 The minimum crew for each UAS operation will consist of one Pilot in
                                         Command ("PIC") and one Visual Observer ("VO"). The PIC will be
                                         designated before the flight and cannot transfer his/her designation
                                         for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can
                                         perform the functions prescribed for the VO in the Manuals (defined
                                         in Section 3.4 below). [Trimble Exemption Limitations Nos. 4 and 5]
                               3.2.6 Each UAS operation under the exemption will be planned to operate
                                         for a period no longer than 10 minutes less than the maximum flight
                                         time of the UAS under the conditions (speed, altitude, etc.) of the
                                         planned UAS operations. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a
                                         UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions)
                                         there is enough power to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
                                         assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 10
                                         minutes. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 19]
                               3.2.7 Each UA will remain at least 3 nautical miles from any public towered
                                         airport to the extent possible.
                               3.2.8 Prior to each UAS operation in which the UA will operate within 3
                                         nautical miles of a public towered airport, the PIC will ensure that the
                                         FAA Air Traffic Control officials with responsibility for that airport are
                                         notified in advance of the UAS operation.
                               3.2.9 Prior to each Incident Assessment Flight, UP will orally notify the local
                                         Flight Standards District Office ("FSDO") with jurisdiction over the

                                                                -5-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                     HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                             proposed UA flight about the flight and, to the extent reasonably
                                             possible, will request urgent issuance of a NOTAM about such
                                             operation. Prior to each Training Flight, UP will notify the local FSDO
                                             with jurisdiction over the proposed UA flight about the flight and will
                                             request timely issuance of a NOTAM about such operation.
                                   3.2.10 Prior to each UAS operation, each member of the crew who will be
                                             conducting that UAS operation will participate in a safety briefing
                                             about the UAS operation.
                                   3.2.11 Prior to each UAS operation, the PIC will inspect the UAS (including
                                             the Ground Control Station) to ensure it is in a condition for safe
                                             flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe
                                             operation of the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from operating until the
                                             necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to
                                             be in a condition for safe flight. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 7]
                                   3.2.12 Prior to each UAS operation, the PIC will review the weather, the
                                             UAS battery requirements, the UA takeoff and landing distances, and
                                             the UAS performance, and will account for all relevant site-specific
                                             conditions.
                                   3.2.13 All maintenance and alterations will be properly documented in the
                                             UAS records. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 7] UP's AirCover
                                             UAS maintenance personnel will make a record entry in the UAS
                                             logbook or equivalent document of the corrective action taken against
                                             discrepancies discovered between inspections. [Trimble Exemption
                                             Limitation No. 14]

                                   -6-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                               3.2.14 Prior to each takeoff of the UA, the altitude reading of the altimeter
                                         will be zeroed, such that the altitude of the UA at the point of takeoff
                                         will be set to zero as a basis for that UAS operation, and the PIC will
                                         confirm the accuracy of the altitude reading. [Astraeus Exemption, at
                                         21]

                               3.2.15 The UA will be operated within visual line of sight ("VLOS") of the PIC
                                         at all times. The VLOS will be unaided, except for corrective lenses
                                         as set forth on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate. The
                                         VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC
                                         always maintains VLOS capability. [Trimble Exemption Limitations
                                         Nos. 4 and 5]

                               3.2.16 During each UAS operation, the UA will remain at or below 400 feet
                                         above ground level ("AGL"). [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 3]

                               3.2.17 To the extent reasonably practical, each UP Incident Assessment
                                         Flight will be conducted over UP property or over private or controlled
                                         access property with permission or an easement from the land
                                         owner/controller or authorized representative. Each Training Flight
                                         will be conducted over UP property or over private or controlled
                                         access property with permission or an easement from the land
                                         owner/controller or authorized representative. [Trimble Exemption
                                         Limitation No. 34]

                               3.2.18 When the circumstances make it reasonably impractical for a UP
                                         Incident Assessment Flight to remain over UP property or over
                                         private or controlled access property for which UP has obtained
                                         permission or an easement to conduct its small UAS operations, UP

                                                                -7-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                         will use reasonable efforts in advance of the Incident Assessment
                                         Flight to obtain permission from other property owners to operate the
                                         AirCover UAS over their property. These circumstances may include,
                                         but are not limited to, derailments and hazmat releases that have not
                                         been contained within UP property.
                               3.2.19 During each UAS operation, the PIC and the VO will be able to
                                         communicate verbally with each other at all times. [Trimble
                                         Exemption Limitation No. 5]
                               3.2.20 During each UAS operation, the PIC will not operate the UA directly
                                         over the location of any person known by the PIC to be present, at an
                                         altitude that would be hazardous to the person on the ground in the
                                         event of a UAS failure or emergency.
                               3.2.21 All UAS operations will take place during visual meteorological
                                         conditions (VMC) only. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 28]
                               3.2.22 All UAS operations will take place during daylight hours. UAS
                                         operations will not be conducted during night, as defined in FAR §
                                         1.1. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 26]
                               3.2.23 During each UAS operation, the UA will avoid, remain clear of, and
                                         yield right-of-way to, all manned aerial operations and activities
                                         (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicle, parachute, parasailing,
                                         and hang glider activities). [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 24]
                               3.2.24 Each UAS operation will maintain a safe distance from any structure
                                         or facility that has a national security implication that is known to UP.
                               3.2.25 During each UAS operation, the UA will be operated not less than
                                         500 feet below, and not less than 2,000 feet horizontally, from a cloud

                                                                -8-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                     HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                             or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC. [Trimble
                                             Exemption Limitation No. 28]
                                   3.2.26 The UAS will not be operated by the PIC from a moving device or
                                             vehicle. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 25]
                                   3.2.27 The PIC will begin terminating each UAS operation when no less than
                                             25% of the battery power remains.
                                   3.2.28 Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect
                                             the UAS operation or flight characteristics (e.g., replacement of a
                                             flight critical component) must undergo a functional test flight in
                                             accordance with the Manuals. The PIC who conducts the functional
                                             test flight will make an entry about the flight in the UAS records.
                                             [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 8]
                                   3.2.29 For each UAS operation, the UAS will be programmed so that if the
                                             UAS loses its communications or GPS signal, the UA will return to a
                                             pre-determined location within the UP, private or controlled access
                                             property, and land or be recovered in accordance with the Manuals.
                                             [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 17]
                                   3.2.30 During UP Training Flights, the UA will operate at least 500 feet from
                                             all non-participating persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures, and
                                             will not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.
                                             [Trimble Exemption Limitations Nos. 31 and 30]
                                   3.2.31 The PIC will abort the UAS operation and UA flight in accordance
                                             with the Manuals if unpredicted obstacles or emergencies arise
                                             [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 18] or the continued UAS

                                   -9-

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                         operations pose a threat to other operations in the National Airspace
                                         System or persons on the ground.
                               3.2.32 The documents required by FAR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 will be available
                                         to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS at any time the
                                         UA is operating, and will be made available to the FAA or any law
                                         enforcement official upon request. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No.
                                         23]
                               3.2.33 Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral
                                         or vertical boundaries of the operational area as defined by the
                                         applicable COA will be reported to the FAA's UAS Integration Office
                                         (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents will be reported to the National
                                         Transportation Safety Board ("NTSB") per instructions contained on
                                         the NTSB website. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 35]

          3.3 Conditions and limitations regarding the PIC and other crewmembers -
                    qualifications and training

          The PIC and other crewmembers for each UAS operation under the exemption will be
subject to the following conditions and limitations:

                               3.3.1 The PIC will possess at least an FAA private pilot certificate and a
                                         third-class airman medical certificate, and will satisfy the flight review
                                         requirements of FAR § 61.56 in an aircraft for which the PIC is rated
                                         on his/her private pilot certificate.1 [Trimble Exemption Limitation No.
                                         15]

1 UP respectfully submits that it is unnecessary for safe small UAS operations to require the PIC to have a private
pilot certificate, particularly given the other conditions and limitations proposed in this Petition (e.g., operate over UP,
private or controlled access property; operations no higher than 400 feet AGL; VLOS between PIC and AirCover UAS
to be maintained at all times; operate in Class G airspace, etc.). Completion of UP's and AirCover's training should

                                                               - 10 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                               3.3.2 Prior to participating in an Incident Assessment Flight as PIC, the PIC
                                         will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with FAR §
                                         61.51(b), a minimum of 20 flight cycles and 16 hours of total time as a
                                         UAS pilot.

                               3.3.3 Prior to participating in an Incident Assessment Flight as PIC, the PIC
                                         will have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with FAR §
                                         61.51(b), a minimum of 5 flight cycles as a UAS pilot, and 5 takeoffs
                                         and 5 landings within the preceding 90 days operating the make and
                                         model of UAS to be used for operations under the exemption.

                               3.3.4 Training Flights may be operated under the exemption to accomplish
                                         the required flight cycles, flight time, and takeoffs and landings
                                         required to act as PIC of a UAS during an Incident Assessment
                                         Flight. During these Training Flights, all persons not essential for
                                         flight operations are considered non-participants, and the PIC will
                                         operate the UA at an appropriate distance from non-participants as
                                         required by FAR § 91.119. [Astraeus Exemption Limitations Nos. 11
                                         and 12]

                               3.3.5 The PIC and VO will have completed a qualification process
                                         established by the UP QR-425 Standard Operating Procedures and
                                         the manufacturer's recommendation. [Astraeus Exemption Limitation
                                         No. 13]

be more than sufficient for the safe operation of the AirCover UAS on Initial Assessment Flights. Recognizing that
the FAA rejected a request to permit UAS operations without an FAA private pilot certificate in the Trimble Exemption,
at 14-15, 23, UP will accept a private pilot certificate requirement for the PIC. However, to the extent the FAA has
any flexibility on this point, UP alternatively requests relief from that requirement such that UP's PICs must only
complete UP's and AirCover's training as proposed under this exemption (and not have a private pilot certificate).

                                                               - 11 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                               3.3.6 Before operating any UAS, UP will create a record of the completion
                                         of the qualification process by the PIC and VO. This record will be
                                         maintained for at least one year after the individual is no longer
                                         performing duties associated with UP's UAS operations, and will be
                                         made available to the FAA upon request. [Astraeus Exemption
                                         Limitation No. 13]

          3.4 Conditions and limitations regarding UP manuals related to UAS operations
          UP will follow the following documents containing company procedures for the AirCover UAS
operations for all UAS operations under the exemption: the AirCover Maintenance Manual
("Maintenance Manual"), the UAS Operations Manuals ("Operations Manual"), and the Standard
Operating Procedures (collectively, these three documents are "the Manuals"). The Maintenance
Manual and the Operations Manual have been approved by the FAA in the context of public COA
operations using the AirCover UAS. A confidential copy of the Manuals will be submitted to the FAA
Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law, Legislation, and Regulations as supporting documents
for this Petition. The Manuals contain information that is highly proprietary to UP and/or AirCover,
and UP therefore requests that the FAA treat the Manuals as confidential and not disclose them to
the public. The Manuals will be subject to the following limitations and conditions:

                         3.4.1 The Manuals and the exemption must be maintained and made
                                      available to the FAA upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
                                      conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined
                                      in the Manuals, the conditions and limitations in the exemption take
                                      precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, UP must follow the
                                      procedures as outlined in the Manuals. [Trimble Exemption Limitation
                                      No. 6]

                                                               - 12 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                           HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

3.4.2                              UP may update or revise its Manuals, and it is UP's responsibility to
                                   track such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the
3.4.3                              FAA upon request. UP must also present updated and revised
3.4.4                              documents if it petitions for an extension or amendment of the
3.4.5                              exemption. If UP determines that any update or revision would affect
3.4.6                              the basis upon which the FAA granted the requested exemption, then
                                   UP must petition for an amendment to the exemption. UP will contact
                                   the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) if questions arise regarding
                                   updates or revisions to the Manuals. [Trimble Exemption Limitation
                                   No. 6]
                                   The Manuals contain information about the AirCover UAS's
                                   performance, limitations, and loading information.
                                   The Manuals contain the procedures for UAS operations, including
                                   preflight inspections, which will account for all discrepancies, i.e.,
                                   inoperable components, items or equipment. [Trimble Exemption
                                   Limitation No. 9]
                                   The Manuals contain the requirements and procedures for a functional
                                   test flight of the UAS and aircraft record entry. [Trimble Exemption
                                   Limitation No. 8]
                                   UP must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping in
                                   accordance with the Manuals. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations
                                   must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total flight hours, a
                                   description of the work accomplished, and the signature of the
                                   authorized AirCover UAS technician returning the AirCover UAS to
                                   service. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 11]

                                   - 13 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                         3.4.7 The AirCover UAS technicians maintaining and servicing UP's UAS
                                      must receive, and document, the training called for in the Manuals.
                                      [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 12]

                         3.4.8 Each UAS operated under the exemption will comply with all
                                      manufacturer System and Safety Bulletins, and that requirement is set
                                      forth in the Manuals. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 13]

                         3.4.9 UP will follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component,
                                      maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit
                                      requirements. [Trimble Exemption Limitation No. 10]

                         3.4.10 The Manuals contain procedures for performing and documenting
                                      maintenance, preventive maintenance, alterations, status of
                                      replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of
                                      the UAS (and for maintaining the corresponding records).

                         3.4.11 The requirements in the Manuals will comply with the manufacturer's
                                      UAS aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
                                      inspection, and life limits, and will at all times conform to the
                                      manufacturer's requirements in these areas.

4. REQUEST FOR DETERMINATION UNDER SECTION 333 OF FMRA
          In accordance with FMRA Sec. 333, UP requests that the Secretary of Transportation

determine that UP's proposed small UAS operations (i) do not create a hazard to users of the
National Airspace System or the public, and (ii) do not pose a threat to national security.

          UP further requests that, based on the Secretary's determination, the FAA determine ­ as it
did in the Astraeus Exemption and Clayco Exemption ­ that relief from FAR Part 21, and any

                                   - 14 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

associated noise certification and testing requirements of FAR Part 36, is not necessary for UP's
UAS operations as proposed in this Petition.2

5. INFORMATION REQUIRED BY 14 CFR § 11.81 TO SUPPORT A PETITION FOR
          EXEMPTION
          As required by FAR § 11.81, UP provides the following information in support of this Petition:
          5.1 Contact information:
                    Name: Union Pacific Railroad submits this Petition for Exemption, through counsel:
                         E. Tazewell Ellett
                         Patrick R. Rizzi
                    Mailing address:
                         E. Tazewell Ellett
                         Patrick R. Rizzi
                         Counsel to Union Pacific Railroad
                         Hogan Lovells US LLP
                         555 13th Street, NW
                         Washington, DC 20004
                    Telephone number:
                         202-637-8644 (Ellett)
                         202-637-5659 (Rizzi)
                    Facsimile number: 202-637-5910
                    E-mail addresses:
                         tazewell.ellett@hoganlovells.com
                         patrick.rizzi@hoganlovells.com

2 Astraeus Exemption, at 14, 22; Clayco Exemption, at 10, 16. If the FAA concludes that the UAS operations
proposed in this Petition require an exemption from FAR Part 21 and/or 36, then UP requests that the FAA include
that in the exemption.

                                                               - 15 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          5.2 The specific section or sections of the FAR3 from which exemption is sought:

                    FAR § 61.113(a) and (b) ­ Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.

                    FAR § 91.7(a) ­ Civil aircraft airworthiness.

                    FAR § 91.119(b) and (c) ­ Minimum safe altitudes: General.

                    FAR § 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings.

                    FAR § 91.151 ­ Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

                    FAR § 91.405(a) ­ Maintenance required.

                    FAR § 91.407(a)(1) ­ Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,

                    rebuilding, and inspections.

                    FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2) ­ Inspections.

                    FAR § 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance records.

3 This Petition does not seek exemption from:

-- FAR Part 21 or 36, based on the reasoning in the Astraeus Exemption, at 14, and Clayco Exemption, at 10.

-- FAR § 91.7(b), based on the reasoning in the Trimble Exemption, at 17.

-- FAR §§ 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(a) and (b), based on the reasoning in the FAA's August 8, 2014 Memorandum titled
"Interpretation regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's control station"
("FAA's August 8, 2014 Memorandum"), the Astraeus Exemption, at 19-20, 22, and the Trimble Exemption, at 17, 20.

-- FAR §§ 45.23(b) and 91.9(c), based on the reasoning in the Astraeus Exemption, at 14, and the Trimble
Exemption, at 14, related to FAR § 45.23(b), and assuming that the markings on the UA used to comply with FAR
Part 45, Subpart C requirements are as large as practicable.

-- FAR §§ 47.3(b)(2) and 47.31(c), based on the reasoning in the FAA's August 8, 2014 Memorandum, and
assuming that all UA are registered in accordance with FAR Part 47.

-- FAR § 91.103(b)(2), based on the reasoning in the Astraeus Exemption, at 20, and the Clayco Exemption, at 14,
which concluded that an exemption from the preflight action requirements is not necessary where the grant of an
exemption for UAS operations includes conditions that satisfy preflight action requirements. UP proposes such
conditions in this Petition.

-- FAR § 91.109, based on the reasoning in the Astraeus Exemption, at 20, and the Clayco Exemption, at 14, which
concluded that an exemption from the requirement for dual flight controls for flight or simulator training or for flight
testing is not necessary when there is no indication that dual flight controls will be used during any flight or simulator
training or flight testing.

If the FAA concludes that the UAS operations proposed in this Petition require an exemption from one or more of
these requirements, then UP requests that the FAA include that in the exemption.

                                                               - 16 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          5.3 The extent of relief sought and the reason relief is sought:
          When the need to conduct an Incident Assessment arises, UP proposes to conduct Incident
Assessment Flights using small AirCover UAS, as described above, as a means of gathering the
information necessary to determine the most effective and safe means of preventing or responding
to the incident and ensuring the safety, security, and well-being of the public, first responders, UP
employees, private or public property, or the environment. In addition, UP also seeks the requested
relief in order to conduct Training Flights using the small AirCover UAS.
          To conduct these Incident Assessment Flights and Training Flights with the small AirCover
UAS, UP petitions the FAA, pursuant to FAR §§ 11.61(b), 11.63(a), and 11.81(b), for an exemption
from the following FAR for the reasons noted:

     FAR § 61.113(a) and (b) ­ Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
          The regulation states, in relevant part:
                                              (a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this
                                                   section, no person who holds a private pilot certificate may
                                                   act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying
                                                   passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may
                                                   that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command
                                                   of an aircraft.
                                              (b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in
                                                   command of an aircraft in connection with any business or
                                                   employment if:
                                                   (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
                                                   employment; and
                                                   (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for
                                                   compensation or hire.
                                              (c) ****.
          UP requests an exemption from this regulation to the extent necessary to permit UP to

conduct UAS operations using PICs who hold FAA private pilot certificates. While UP understands
that the FAA normally requires a PIC to hold a commercial pilot certificate where there is
compensation either to the pilot or for the operation, UP requests that the FAA exempt UP and its

                                                               - 17 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

PICs from this requirement, since the use of a private pilot as the PIC for the UAS operations under
this exemption will be more safe than the use of a commercial pilot for manned aircraft operations.
Unlike conventional aircraft, the AirCover UAS is remotely controlled, with no crew or passengers,
and battery-powered. The fulfillment of the additional requirements for a private pilot to become
qualified as a commercial pilot would not lead to any additional safety benefits when UAS operations
are involved.

          With respect to aeronautical knowledge requirements, the differences between the
requirements for private pilots and for commercial pilots are significant in the traditional world of
manned aircraft. A pilot who wishes to operate flights that involve the carriage of persons or
property for compensation or hire is typically expected to improve his or her aeronautical knowledge
with respect to the operation of those larger manned aircraft. For instance, the prospective
commercial pilot is expected to be able to operate more complex aircraft and to operate those
aircraft in conditions other than VMC. Pilots seeking to become commercial pilots for manned
aircraft must acquire additional aeronautical knowledge about the use of performance charts and
aeronautical charts, beyond that which a private pilot must obtain regarding navigation under VFR,
night operations, and the use of air navigation aids/facilities.4 However, no aspect of this
incremental additional knowledge is significant for the daytime, VMC small UAS operations proposed
in this Petition.

          With respect to the aeronautical experience requirements, the differences between the
requirements for private pilots and for commercial pilots are also significant. However, the additional
experience required for a commercial pilot certificate is required to a great extent to allow the
upgrading pilot to acquire experience of a type that a commercial PIC of a manned aircraft must
obtain in order to safely conduct commercial operations in a larger manned aircraft. For instance,

4 FAR § 61.125, Aeronautical knowledge for commercial pilots, paras. (b)(7) (the use of performance charts), (b)(9)
(use of aeronautical charts beyond that necessary for flight under VFR), (b)(10) (use of air navigation aids), and
(b)(14) (night and high-altitude operations).

                                                               - 18 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

the applicant for a commercial certificate with a single-engine land rating must obtain 50 hours of
cross-country flight, 10 hours of instrument training, 10 hours of time in a complex aircraft, 10 hours
of solo time, and 5 hours in night VFR conditions.5 In addition, a great deal of time is required for a
pilot of a larger manned aircraft seeking to become a commercial pilot to ensure that the pilot's
takeoffs and landings can be conducted safely enough so as not to imperil the passengers and
property aboard the manned aircraft. In this regard, there is a fundamental difference between the
type of experience that the PIC of a manned aircraft should have, versus the type of experience that
the PIC of a small UAS should have, in order to avoid imperiling passengers or property. In UP's
case, all property carried aboard the UA will be UP property. While the pilot will be compensated, all
risk of damage to the property (in fact to the UAS itself) will be borne by UP. There is no expectation
or need for the PIC of the UA to have the type of experience that a commercial pilot for a manned
aircraft would have. In short, virtually none of the aeronautical experience requirements, beyond
those necessary for private pilots, is relevant to the PIC who will operate the small UAS as proposed
in this Petition. Accordingly, there is no reason for a requirement that the PIC of UP's UAS have
more experience than that required for the private pilot certificate.

          With respect to flight proficiency requirements for private pilots and commercial pilots, while
there are differences, those differences involve areas such as "[h]igh-altitude operation," areas that
have no bearing on the small UAS operations at issue in this Petition.6 To the extent that differences
exist between the standards of performance for flight proficiency as demonstrated by prospective
private versus prospective commercial pilots, those standards are not significant here where the
operations will be conducted strictly during daylight VMC conditions, within VLOS, at altitudes no
higher than 400 feet AGL.

          Given that UP plans to operate its AirCover UAS in Class G airspace (or, with written FAA
approval, in Class, B, C or D airspace) over UP, private or controlled access property at altitudes of

5 See FAR § 61.129.
6 Compare FAR § 61.127, flight proficiency for commercial pilots (in particular § 61.127(b)(1)(x) and (b)(2)(x)), with
FAR § 61.107, flight proficiency for private pilots.

                                                               - 19 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

400 feet AGL or less, the parallel nature of private pilot aeronautical knowledge requirements to
those of commercial pilot requirements, the limited airmanship skills necessary to operate the
AirCover UAS, and the lack of additional safety benefits for the UAS operations proposed here that
would result from commercial pilot experience, the PIC under this exemption should only be required
to hold a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate. Such a condition would
be consistent with the certificate requirements imposed on the UAS PIC in the Astraeus Exemption,
Trimble Exemption, and Clayco Exemption.

          For these reasons, UP requests that the FAA grant an exemption to permit UP to use as PIC
of the proposed UAS operations pilots who hold a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman
medical certificate, so long as they satisfy the limits and conditions proposed in this Petition,
including the PIC qualification and training requirements.

     FAR § 91.7(a) ­ Civil aircraft airworthiness.
          The regulation states in relevant part:
                                         (a) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in an airworthy
                                         condition. . . .
          UP requests an exemption from this provision to the extent necessary.7 The AirCover UAS

will not have an airworthiness certificate under FAR Part 21, Subpart H, and thus relief is requested
from this regulation. See Trimble Exemption, at 16. An exemption is warranted because UP
understands that, notwithstanding the lack of an airworthiness certificate, the FAA will consider its
"compliance with [UP's] Manuals to be sufficient means for determining an airworthy condition" and
that UP must still determine the UA's airworthiness prior to each flight based on compliance with
such Manuals. See Trimble Exemption, at 16.

7 UP requests exemption from FAR § 91.7(a) based on the relief granted in the Trimble Exemption, at 16, 21.
However, UP notes that the FAA determined that no such exemption was needed in the Astraeus Exemption, at 19,
22.

                                                               - 20 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

     FAR § 91.119(b) and (c) ­ Minimum safe altitudes: General.

          The regulation states:

                                              Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may
                                              operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

                                              (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an
                                                   emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or
                                                   property on the surface.

                                              (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city,
                                                   town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of
                                                   persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
                                                   within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

                                              (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet
                                                   above the surface, except over open water or sparsely
                                                   populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
                                                   operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle,
                                                   or structure.

                                              (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control
                                                   aircraft. If the operation is conducted without hazard to
                                                   persons or property on the surface--

                                                   (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums
                                                   prescribed in paragraph (b) or (c) of this section, provided
                                                   each person operating the helicopter complies with any
                                                   routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by
                                                   the FAA; and
                                                   (2) A powered parachute or weight-shift-control aircraft may
                                                   be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in
                                                   paragraph (c) of this section.

          UP requests an exemption from this regulation to the extent necessary to permit UP to

conduct its UAS operations at altitudes lower than those permitted by FAR § 91.119, since such

altitudes are one of the key benefits of using small UAS for the Incident Assessments. Even at

these low altitudes, the UAS Incident Assessment Flights will be conducted at a level of safety at

least equal to that which would be achieved if larger manned aircraft were to be used at the altitudes

required by FAR § 91.119.

                                   - 21 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          With respect to paragraph (a), UP intends to comply with this requirement to the same extent
as would a manned aircraft, meaning that the UA must operate at an altitude such that the loss of a
single power unit aboard the UA or used by the UAS would still permit an emergency landing
"without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface." UP agrees with the FAA's reasoning
on this issue in the Astraeus Exemption, at 20, and therefore does not believe that relief is required
from paragraph (a).

          With respect to paragraph (c), UP requests an exemption to allow UAS operations down to
the surface, both in sparsely populated areas and in "other than congested" areas. UP's Incident
Assessment Flights require lower-level flying to properly assess the incident. Relief from the 500
foot altitude threshold in this paragraph would be consistent with that granted in the Trimble
Exemption, at 18, and the condition that no UA be operated at an altitude higher than 400 feet AGL.

          UP further requests an exemption from the requirement in paragraph (c) to stay 500 feet
away from any person, vessel, vehicle or structure during all Incident Assessment Flights. An
exemption from the 500 feet standoff requirement is essential to allowing UP to conduct Incident
Assessment Flights close enough to the situation being assessed to permit UP to acquire the
information necessary to determine the best response to the incident. For instance, requiring the UA
to stay 500 feet away from all persons would make it virtually impossible to access the scene of a
derailment or hazmat release, which will almost always involve people still at the scene of the
incident (e.g., UP personnel, first responders, other persons). For many of the UAS operations UP
is proposing, any potentially adverse safety implications raised by the operation of the small
AirCover UAS near people, vessels, vehicles or structures pale in comparison to the potential
danger to which those people, vessels, vehicles or structures might be exposed if the incident is
allowed to escalate or an effective response to the incident is prevented or delayed.8

8 For all UP Training Flights under the exemption, the UA would be required to stay at least 500 feet away from all
non-participants (all persons who are not part of the crew or participating in the training exercise), as required by FAR
§ 91.119(c). See also Proposed Condition 3.2.30 above.

                                                               - 22 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          Even with a grant of this exemption, the UAS operations will be at least as safe as operations
by manned aircraft that comply with this 500 feet standoff requirement. Flying a manned aircraft,
given its weight, size, speed, and fuel load, would pose a significant risk if undertaken within the
confusing operational environment surrounding an incident. Compared with that scenario, the use of
a small UAS, with a smaller size and weight, operating at much lower speeds, with batteries rather
than a significant fuel load, and at all times within VLOS of one or more crewmembers on the ground
who have a wide view, would result in a far higher level of safety. Accordingly, as the FAA
determined in the Trimble Exemption, at 17-18, relief is warranted here provided that UP adheres to
its Manuals and the additional conditions and limitations outlined above and in the exemption. For
these reasons, UP requests relief from the entirety of paragraph (c).

          With respect to paragraph (b), UP has no control over where an incident will occur. Some
railroad incidents occur in areas defined by the FAA as congested areas. Even when operating over
congested areas, the proposed UAS operations will be far safer than operations by manned aircraft
operating in compliance with the minimum altitude requirements (1,000 feet altitude). The operation
of a faster, larger manned aircraft, at 1,000 feet over a congested area, with a load of combustible
fuel and crew, loitering over the scene of a railroad incident, would not be as safe as such operations
conducted by a very small, very light weight, battery-operated UAS that, at all times from takeoff to
landing, can be safely operated well below the altitudes used by manned aircraft, and continuously
within VLOS of one or more persons on the ground. For these reasons, UP requests relief from the
entirety of paragraph (b).

          UP does not request relief from paragraph (d), which applies only to helicopters, and which
would permit operation at lower altitudes only if on a prescribed helicopter route. Relief from this
requirement will not be necessary if the FAA grants relief from paragraphs (b) and (c) as noted
above.

                                   - 23 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

     FAR § 91.121 ­ Altimeter settings.
          The regulation states:
                                         (a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising
                                              altitude or flight level of that aircraft, as the case may be, by
                                              reference to an altimeter that is set, when operating--
                                                   (1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
                                                   (i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the
                                                   route and within 100 nautical miles of the aircraft;
                                                   (ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in
                                                   paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section, the current reported
                                                   altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
                                                   (iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the
                                                   elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter
                                                   setting available before departure; or
                                                   (2) At or above 18,000 feet MSL, to 29.92 Hg.
                                         (b) * * * *.

          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.121 to the extent necessary to permit UP to
conduct the UAS operations described in this Petition. It is not clear to UP that an exemption from
this section is required. Although the regulation expressly applies only to aircraft maintaining a
"cruising altitude" and dictates the altimeter setting that must be used while at that cruising altitude,
cruising altitudes for VFR flight do not begin ­ according to FAR § 91.159 ­ until "more than 3,000
feet above the surface."9 See Astraeus Exemption, at 21-22 (granting relief from this section with
conditions and limitations).

          Nevertheless, UP recognizes the critical importance of ensuring that any UAS operated by
UP maintain altitude to an accurate reference such that other aircraft and the FAA may rely on UP's
UAS to be operating as proposed. The AirCover UAS does not use a barometric altimeter. Instead,
it determines altitude based on a GPS signal. To ensure the accuracy of the GPS signal, the PIC
will check the UA altitude reading prior to each takeoff, and will effectively zero the UA's altitude

9 FAR § 91.159; see also Aeronautical Information Manual, at Chpt. 3, Sec. 1, Tbl. 3-1-1, para. 3-1-2. (Jul. 24, 2014).

                                                               - 24 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

reading of the altimeter at the point of takeoff, to ensure that measurements of the UA's altitude are
as accurate as possible relative to the local elevation. To the extent that this methodology does not
satisfy FAR § 91.121 or any other regulation, UP requests an exemption to permit UAS operations
using this methodology.

     FAR § 91.151 ­ Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
          The regulation states:
                                         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
                                              unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
                                              is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
                                              assuming normal cruising speed--
                                              (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
                                              (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.
                                         (b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions
                                              unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
                                              is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and,
                                              assuming normal cruising speed, to fly after that for at least 20
                                              minutes.
          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.151 to permit UP to plan its UAS operations such

that only 10 minutes of further operating time is available at the end of the planned UAS operation.
The UAS operations proposed by UP in this Petition will involve operations in which one or more
UAS is transported by means other than its own power to the site of an incident. The Incident
Assessment Flights will begin and end at the site of the incident, with the takeoff, entire flight, and
landing all taking place within the immediate proximity of the incident, and remaining at all times
within VLOS of the PIC. In essence, each UA will virtually never leave its "first point of intended
landing."

          The goal of FAR § 91.151 is to ensure that pilots plan for an extra 20 or 30 minutes of fuel at
their first intended point of landing. This accounts for unexpected possible delays en route (such as
adverse winds) and at the first planned destination (such as a fouled runway or conflicting traffic).
Many of these delays that plague manned aircraft are not an issue with these UAS operations, since

                                                               - 25 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

there is virtually no "en route" portion of the flight, and any problems at the point of landing are
extremely unlikely to cause delays, since a UA can always land just a few feet away if the intended
point of landing becomes unusable.

          Given the AirCover UAS' relatively short operating time (30 minutes), requiring a full 30
minutes of reserve fuel would basically take up all of the available time for UAS operations. UP
believes that using a smaller reserve for UAS flight planning purposes will be at least as safe as
using the reserves required by FAR § 91.151 for manned aircraft. Using a 10-minute reserve for a
daylight UA flight, for instance, will be adequate where the UA is essentially at its first point of
landing from the moment it takes off (since there is no en route phase of flight) and the risks for
delay at the intended landing area are not as great as for manned aircraft landings. As a further
measure of safety, UP also will require the PIC to begin terminating operations when no less than
25% of battery life remains. Although FAR § 91.151 is a flight planning requirement, rather than an
operational requirement, UP believes that having a requirement to begin terminating operations no
later than at a specific "fuel" (battery power) level will further ensure that the 10-minute reserve fuel
planning requirement that UP is requesting to use under the exemption will provide an adequate
level of safety.

          For these reasons, UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.151 to permit UP to plan UAS
operations such that only 10 minutes of further operating time is available at the end of the planned
UAS operation. This means that, if the FAA views the AirCover UAS as a fixed wing UAS, UP
requests an exemption from paragraph (a) to permit 10 minutes instead of 30 minutes of reserve
time, and, if the FAA views the AirCover UAS as a rotorcraft UAS, UP requests an exemption from
paragraph (b) to permit 10 minutes instead of 20 minutes of reserve time.

     FAR § 91.405(a) ­ Maintenance required.
          The regulation states:
                                              Each owner or operator of an aircraft--
                                                               - 26 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                         (a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of
                                              this part and shall between required inspections, except as
                                              provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies
                                              repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

                                         (b) ****.
          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.405(a) to permit UP to conduct its small UAS
operations as proposed in this Petition without having to perform the inspections and discrepancy
repairs required by FAR § 91.405(a). In the Astraeus Exemption and the Trimble Exemption, the
FAA determined that the proposed UAS operations required exemption from FAR § 91.405(a), and
that the achievement of an adequate level of safety required certain conditions and limitations, some
of which were proposed by the Petitioner, and some of which were required by the FAA
("Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and Limitations"). These included requirements to develop and
document maintenance, overhaul, replacement, and inspection requirements in the absence of
manufacturer's requirements; procedures to document and maintain maintenance records with
regard to the petitioner's UAS; UAS technician qualification criteria; and requirements to document
comprehensive preflight inspection procedures.
          UP has proposed several conditions and limitations in Section 3 of this Petition related to
maintenance and inspections consistent with the Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and Limitations. UP
believes that these conditions and limitations provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that
provided by FAR § 91.405(a), the Astraeus Exemption, and the Trimble Exemption. For this reason,
UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.405(a) to permit UP to conduct UAS operations as
proposed in this Petition, subject to the conditions and limitations proposed above, without having to
perform the inspections and discrepancy repairs required by FAR § 91.405(a).
          UP does not believe that an exemption from the remaining paragraphs of FAR § 91.405 is
required, since UP will make appropriate logbook entries in aircraft maintenance records in
accordance with paragraph (b), appropriately mark any inoperative instrument or item of equipment

                                                               - 27 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

for which maintenance has been properly deferred in compliance with paragraph (c), and
appropriately placard listed discrepancies that include inoperative instruments or equipment in
compliance with paragraph (d).

     FAR § 91.407(a)(1) ­ Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding or
          alteration.
          The regulation states:
                                         (a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone
                                               maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration
                                               unless--
                                                   (1) It has been approved for return to service by a person
                                                   authorized under §43.7 of this chapter; and
                                                   (2) The maintenance record entry required by §43.9 or
                                                   §43.11, as applicable, of this chapter has been made.
                                         (b) **** .
                                         (c) **** .

          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.407(a)(1) to permit UP to conduct UAS operations
as proposed in this Petition without having to have the UAS approved for return to service by a
person authorized under FAR § 43.7. In the Astraeus Exemption and the Trimble Exemption, the
FAA determined that the proposed UAS operations required exemption from FAR § 91.407(a)(1),
and that achieving an adequate level of safety required conditions and limitations similar to those in
the Trimble Exemption and the Astraeus Exemption.

          UP has proposed several conditions and limitations in Section 3 of this Petition related to
maintenance and inspections consistent with the Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and Limitations. UP
believes that these conditions and limitations provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that
provided by FAR § 91.407(a)(1), the Astraeus Exemption, and the Trimble Exemption. For this
reason, UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.407(a)(1) to permit UP to conduct UAS

                                                               - 28 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

operations as proposed in this Petition, subject to the proposed conditions and limitations, without

having to have the UAS approved for return to service by a person authorized under FAR § 43.7.

          UP does not believe that an exemption from the remaining paragraphs of FAR § 91.407 is

required, since UP will require that maintenance record entries are made as required in compliance

with paragraph (a)(2), and since no persons will be carried following maintenance performed on the

UAS, making paragraphs (b) and (c) moot.

     FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2) ­ Inspections.

          The regulation states:

                                         (a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person
                                              may operate an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar
                                              months, it has had--

                                              (1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this
                                                   chapter and has been approved for return to service by a
                                                   person authorized by §43.7 of this chapter; or

                                              (2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
                                                   accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

                                              No inspection performed under paragraph (b) of this section may
                                              be substituted for any inspection required by this paragraph
                                              unless it is performed by a person authorized to perform annual
                                              inspections and is entered as an "annual" inspection in the
                                              required maintenance records.

                                         (b) ****.

          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2) to permit UP to conduct UAS

operations as proposed in this Petition without having to obtain the annual inspection and

airworthiness certificate inspection required by FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2). In the Astraeus

Exemption and the Trimble Exemption, the FAA determined that the proposed UAS operations

required exemption from FAR §91.409(a)(1) and (2), and that achieving an adequate level of safety

required conditions and limitations similar to the Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and Limitations.

                                   - 29 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          UP has proposed several conditions and limitations in Section 3 of this Petition related to
maintenance and inspections consistent with the Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and Limitations. UP
believes that these conditions and limitations provide a level of safety at least equivalent to that
provided by FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2), the Trimble Exemption, and the Astraeus Exemption. For
this reason, UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2) to permit UP to conduct
UAS operations as proposed in this Petition, subject to the proposed conditions and limitations,
without having to obtain the annual inspection and airworthiness certificate inspection required by
FAR § 91.409(a)(1) and (2).

     FAR § 91.417(a) and (b) ­ Maintenance records.
          The regulation states:
                                              (a) Except for work performed in accordance with §§91.411 and
                                                   91.413, each registered owner or operator shall keep the
                                                   following records for the periods specified in paragraph (b) of
                                                   this section:
                                                   (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and
                                                   alteration and records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive,
                                                   and other required or approved inspections, as appropriate,
                                                   for each aircraft (including the airframe) and each engine,
                                                   propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft. The records
                                                   must include--
                                                        (i) A description (or reference to data acceptable to the
                                                        Administrator) of the work performed; and
                                                        (ii) The date of completion of the work performed; and
                                                        (iii) The signature, and certificate number of the person
                                                        approving the aircraft for return to service.
                                                   (2) Records containing the following information:
                                                        (i) The total time in service of the airframe, each engine,
                                                        each propeller, and each rotor.
                                                        (ii) The current status of life-limited parts of each airframe,
                                                        engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance.

                                                               - 30 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

                                                        (iii) The time since last overhaul of all items installed on
                                                        the aircraft which are required to be overhauled on a
                                                        specified time basis.

                                                        (iv) The current inspection status of the aircraft, including
                                                        the time since the last inspection required by the
                                                        inspection program under which the aircraft and its
                                                        appliances are maintained.

                                                        (v) The current status of applicable airworthiness
                                                        directives (AD) and safety directives including, for each,
                                                        the method of compliance, the AD or safety directive
                                                        number and revision date. If the AD or safety directive
                                                        involves recurring action, the time and date when the next
                                                        action is required.

                                                        (vi) Copies of the forms prescribed by §43.9(d) of this
                                                        chapter for each major alteration to the airframe and
                                                        currently installed engines, rotors, propellers, and
                                                        appliances.

                                              (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for
                                                   the periods prescribed:

                                                   (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section
                                                   shall be retained until the work is repeated or superseded by
                                                   other work or for 1 year after the work is performed.

                                                   (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section
                                                   shall be retained and transferred with the aircraft at the time
                                                   the aircraft is sold.

                                                   (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or
                                                   operator under §43.11 of this chapter shall be retained until
                                                   the defects are repaired and the aircraft is approved for return
                                                   to service.

                                              (c) ****.

          UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.417(a) and (b) to permit UP to conduct UAS

operations as proposed in this Petition without having to keep the records described in FAR §

91.417(a) and (b). In the Trimble Exemption and the Astraeus Exemption, the FAA determined that

the proposed UAS operations required exemption from FAR §91.417(a) and (b), and that an

                                   - 31 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

adequate level of safety required conditions and limitations similar to those in the Trimble Exemption
and the Astraeus Exemption.

          UP has proposed several conditions and limitations in Section 3 of this Petition related to
maintenance, inspections, and records consistent with the Astraeus/Trimble Conditions and
Limitations. UP believes that its conditions and limitations provide a level of safety at least
equivalent to that provided by FAR § 91.417(a) and (b), the Trimble Exemption, and the Astraeus
Exemption. For this reason, UP requests an exemption from FAR § 91.417(a) and (b) to permit UP
to conduct UAS operations as proposed in this Petition, subject to the proposed conditions and
limitations, without having to keep the records described in FAR § 91.417(a) and (b).

          Additional FAR Provisions.
          UP also requests that, to the extent that the FAA concludes that an exemption from one or
more other provisions of the FAR would be required to permit the UAS operations described in this
Petition, the FAA grant an exemption from those FAR provisions as necessary to permit the UAS
operations described in this Petition.10

          5.4 Reason why granting the request would be in the public interest:
          A grant of the exemption would be in the public interest because it would improve safety for
the general public, first responders, and UP employees.
          The ability to use a UAS to conduct Incident Assessment Flights, subject to the conditions
and limitations proposed in this Petition, will enable UP to have access to more complete data about
incidents. This is because the scene of an incident often contains unknown or difficult-to-access
terrain or structures, or unsafe structures, such as bridges, that may have been degraded by the
incident. The ability to use UAS to develop data about the scene of an incident will ensure that UP

10 If requested, UP will provide follow-on documentation providing the rationale underlying any such additional
exemption.

                                                               - 32 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

can gather the best possible information, which will enable UP to develop a safe and effective
response plan that minimizes the risk of harm to the general public and first responders.

          In addition, the use of the small, lightweight, battery-powered AirCover UAS for these
Incident Assessment Flights is far less risky than undertaking those operations with a much heavier,
much faster, much larger, manned helicopter or other aircraft loaded with fuel. As the FAA
acknowledged in the Trimble Exemption, at 13:

          "The [UP] pilot and crew will be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight and
          construction with impact absorbent materials significantly reduces the potential harm to
          persons or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk to an
          onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for
          the . . . operation.
          Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident.
          [The AirCover UAS] carries no fuel [it is battery-powered] and therefore the risk of fire
          following an incident or accident due to fuel spillage is eliminated."
These distinctions, coupled with the safety-related features of the AirCover UAS such as loss-link
procedures, demonstrate that the AirCover UAS operations by UP proposed in this Petition are far
less risky than if operated by larger and heavier manned aircraft.
          Further, the ability to use a UAS to conduct Incident Assessments will decrease the risk to
UP employees who would otherwise be tasked with obtaining information about the incident scene.
Incident Assessments by their very nature involve danger, whether it be from being too close to the
release of hazmat into the environment or exposure to fire or some other hazard associated with a
derailment. In all of these incidents, UP must quickly obtain accurate information to determine how
to respond to the incident, and then develop and implement a response plan. The use of a UAS to
conduct the Incident Assessment would protect UP employees, while at the same time improving the
quality of information obtained from the assessment.

                                                               - 33 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          5.5 Reason why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
                    the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by
                    the rule from which exemption is sought:

          Throughout this Petition, UP has noted reasons why the grant of an exemption from each
section of the FAR from which relief is sought would result in small UAS operations that provide a
level of safety at least equal to that provided by the rule from which exemption is sought.

          In general, the risks of any proposed UAS operation interfering with a manned aircraft are
minimized by the low altitude at which the UAS will operate. This, combined with the conditions and
limitations proposed in the Petition, provides further protection against interference with manned
aircraft operations or with the safety of persons or property on the ground. The UAS will operate in a
limited area in the immediate vicinity of the railroad incident and, to the extent reasonably practical,
over UP property or other private or controlled access property with permission or an easement from
the land owner/controller or authorized representative. The UAS has robust safety procedures in
case of unpredicted obstacles, unforeseen emergencies, and loss of communications or GPS signal.
And, as detailed in Section 3.1, the QR-425 has a substantial and incident-free developmental and
operational history. In addition, under the conditions and limitations proposed in this Petition, UP will
coordinate with the FAA, with local airports, and with property owners to ensure that all UAS
operations under the exemption are at least as safe as would be manned aircraft operations used for
similar purposes.

          For these reasons, granting an exemption from each section of the FAR from which relief is
sought would not adversely affect safety, and would provide a level of safety at least equal to, or
greater than, that provided by the rule from which exemption is sought.

                                   - 34 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
                                                                                                 HOGAN LOVELLS US LLP

          5.6 Summary that can be published in Federal Register, including the rule from
                    which exemption is sought, a brief description of the nature of the exemption
                    sought:

          UP proposes that the FAA use the following as the summary:
                    Docket No.: FAA-2014-______
                    Petitioner: Union Pacific Railroad
                    Sections of 14 CFR: 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.119(b) and (c), 91.121, 91.151,
                    91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b).
                    Description of Relief Sought: Petitioner seeks an exemption to conduct small UAS
                    operations in its railroad business as a means of assessing circumstances following
                    an incident that involves Union Pacific property and/or personnel and for training
                    flights.

          5.7 Additional information that supports request:
          UP is prepared to provide additional information that the FAA might find helpful, or to answer
questions in response to any FAA requests. A confidential copy of the Manuals will be submitted to
the FAA Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law, Legislation, and Regulations as supporting
documentation for this Petition. The Manuals contain information that is highly proprietary to UP
and/or AirCover, and UP requests that the FAA treat the Manuals as confidential and not disclose
them to the public.

          5.8 Request to exercise the privileges of the exemption outside the U.S.:
          UP does not request to exercise the privileges of the exemption outside the United States.

          5.9 Attachments:
          In support of this Petition, UP will provide copies of the Manuals to the FAA Assistant Chief
Counsel for International Law, Legislation, and Regulations. As noted above, UP requests
confidential treatment by the FAA of the Manuals. These documents contain non-public, confidential
information that is highly proprietary to UP and/or AirCover. These confidential documents are also

                                                               - 35 -

\\DC - 700093/000300 - 6198441 v7
