May 20, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11635
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0539

Mr. Neal Hinman
Ms. Elizabeth Collins
Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC
1524 - 240th Street
Webster City, IA 50595

Dear Mr. Hinman and Ms. Collins:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter posted March 6, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct photogrammetry and crop scouting.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a senseFly eBee Ag.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the senseFly eBee Ag
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
         documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
                                                                                                            4

    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
                                                                                                            5

    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                         Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC.
                                    1524 - 240th St

                                 Webster City, Iowa
                                          50595

                                     515-832-4366

j           To whom it may concern,

        \              Enclosed is a petition requesting exemption to sections of CFR 14 under Section 333 of the FAA
         /  Modernization and Reform Act of 2012.

                       This letter is written for exemption from parts: FAR 21, 45.1(a)(b)(c), 61.3, 61.113(a) & (b),
            61.133(a), 91.103(b)(2), 91.105, 91.109(a), 91.319(a)(1), 91.119, 91.121, 91.151, 91.203(a) & (b),
            91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), and 91.417(a) & (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14CFR) and
            FAA Order 8900.1 val. 16. This letter is written as required Section 333. This letter also includes
            procedures and "plans" to c/w current regulations the UAS will fall under. This proposed exemption
            would allow Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC. to operate the eBee Ag UAS to conduct photogrammetry
            and crop scouting in order to perform precision agriculture, which is a farming management concept
            based on observing, measuring, and responding to inter and intra field variability in crops.

                       Approval of exemption for Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC. will allow commercial operations of
            a UAS to conduct photogrammetry and crop scouting in rural areas. The PIC will be at least a licensed
            private pilot with at minimum a 3rd class medical certificate. The requested exemption should be
            granted because operation of the eBee will be conducted in strict conditions, will provide an equivalent
            level of safety, as Congress intended, while still allowing commercial operations. The seven factors
            Congress directed the FAA to consider when approving Section 333 exemption petitions: size, weight,
            speed, operational capability, proximity to airports, proximity to populated areas, and operation within
            visual line of sight. In particular, the eBee is small, and will operate at slow speeds (The normal cruise
            speed is 25-56 MPH), at 400FT AGL or less, inform and receive permission from any airport within 5
            miles of a work area, work with aircraft spray operators, work with area Coops and file Notams if and
            when necessary. In addition, all PIC's and VO will have the experience with class G airspace, as they use
            it more often than not.

                       Thank you for your consideration,

            Neal Hinman  Elizabeth Collins
               Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. 11.35, Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC. requests confidential treatment for certain
               information provided with this request for exemption. Specifically, Unmanned Aerial Serviced, LLC.
               requests that information contained in its extended user manual, maintenance procedures, training
               documentation, and justification of airworthiness and safety assessment not be made public due to
               proprietary information that the application has not and will not share with others.
               The requested exemption would authorize commercial operations using the eBee for mapping and
               survey applications. These operations will be subject to operating requirements defined in the eBee user
               manual and conditions defined by the Safety Code of Academy of Model Aeronautics in order to ensure
               at least an equivalent level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircrafts.

               Attachments and Definitions
               Unmanned Aerial Services, LLC. will be known Petitioner
               eBee Ag UAS manufactured by senseFiy Ltd of Switzerland will be known as eBee

               Justification of airworthiness and safety assessment dated 04/04/14 Version V02, known as exhibit A
               eBee training documentation dated 09/13/13 Version V2.0, will be known as exhibit B
.\.
  ) eBee maintenance procedures dated 12/23/13 Version Vl.O,will be known as exhibit C
               eBee extended user manual dated 9/2014 Revision 12, will be known as exhibit D

               The eBee will be operated by individuals who fulfill the following requirements:

                          Has successfully passed a manufacture's training program for the eBee.
                          Has at minimum a Private Pilot license.
                          Has at minimum of a 3'd class medical.
               Description of the eBee:

               The eBee is small and light weight made of flexible foam that performs pre-programed aerial mapping
               missions. Equipped with an on-board GPS and the related flight management software (eMotion) it
               allows the operator to plan safely and efficiently a mission in 3D, and then monitor it in real time. The
               camera is protected by a foam envelope. The eBee takes a collection of high-definition still images that
               are used later to generate maps and contour lines of the surveyed area.
               The four main characteristics of the eBee are:

                    a. Very light weight
                   The eBee is so light that the operator can launch it by hand and let it land on almost any surface
                   without requiring a parachute or landing net. Its low impact energy also significantly reduces the risk
                   of hazardous situations. The wings of the eBee are detachable and made of flexible foam with no
                   sharp or hard edges and almost no internal strengthening structure.

                   b. Electric powered

                   The eBee is electric powered. A brushless engine makes it silent and reliable. The propeller is
                   attached with a rubber band to the body of the plane so that it can easily flex away in case of
                   contact with an object.

                   c. Semi-automatic flight

                   The artificial intelligence incorporated within the eBee autopilot system continuously analyzes data
                   from the Inertial Measurement Unit and from the onboard GPS and takes care of all the aspects of
                   the flight under the supervision of the operator.

                   d. Option of Manual Control

             Additionally, the eBee provides an override capability that allows the operator to take manual actions
             during the flight (Go to Home, Go land, Hold and Resume the mission) and also suspend automated
              operation and take manual control of the aircraft should it become necessary.
\
) Operating requirements:

                         Operations to be conducted over private, controlled access or public property where approved
                         Written permission from the land owner/ authority required before any flight
                         Operations over congested areas will be prohibited
                         Operations will not interfere with manned aircraft operations
                         Operations limited to VFR and daylight hours
                         eBee operations will be within VLOS with pilot and Visual Observer (VO)
                         Flight ceiling pre-programed at 400 feet
                         All operations conducted within 5 miles of an airport will only be initiated after written
                         coordination with an airport authority
                         The eBee operations will be compliant with existing safety procedures inherent to the activities
                         of the related company

              FAR Compliance:

              The petitioner requests relief from Part 21. The items used to manufacture the eBee are not FAA/PMA
              approved, partially as to why I am filling this petition. However, the parts installed in the eBee have
              been tested by Sense Fly, and proven effective by these test sights, other countries, and previously
              excepted FAA exemptions.
               The Petitioner requests exemption from Part 45. Part 45.1 (a) for aircraft and identification of engine
               and propeller that are manufactured under the terms of a type or production certificate: The eBee was
               not manufactured under these terms. (b) identification of certain replacement and modified parts for
               type certificated products. The eBee is not and does not have type certificated products. (c) Given the
               size of the eBee, this requirement is impossible to match.

               The Petitioner requests exemption from Part 61.3, 61.113(a) & (b), 61.133(a). Given the safety features
               of the eBee and the fact that the missions are pre-programmed and monitored in real time with specific
               flight management software, the pilot should not be required to hold a commercial pilots license.

               The Petitioner supports 91.103(b) (2). After having written permission from an airport authority, the
               petitioner will take wind and temperature into consideration.

               The Petitioner requests exemption from 91.105. The eBee does not carry flight crew members.

               The Petitioner requests exemption from 91.109(a) and 91.319(a) (1). The eBee is not equipped with dual
               flight controls. Flight instruction will be accomplished through an elaborated training program. See
               Exhibit B. Using first the flight management software eMotion. The equivalent level of safety during the
               training will be achieved by an eBee authorized distributor providing the training through the use of
               experienced and qualified operators familiar with the eBee.

               The Petitioner requests exemption from Part 91.119. The eBee will be operating at a maximum of 400
-) feet AGL, the eBee cannot comply with this requirement. The eBee will only fly over private property

               with the written permission of the landowner, or public property where approved. The operator will
               define before every flight a working area radius and flight area ceiling, preventing the eBee to go beyond
               the flight area. The landowner and the persons who may be on the ground in the flight area will be
               briefed of the intended route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground.
               They will be asked to sign a consent form. Due to the small size of the eBee and the material with which
               the eBee is built, the hazard to persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures is not comparable to manned
               aircraft and should be considered in granting the exemption. The eBee will not be operated over
               congested areas nor over any open-air assembly of persons. The eBee will be operated at an altitude
               allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without in due hazard to persons or property on the
               surface.

               The Petitioner requests exemption from Part 91.121. The eBee is not equipped with an altimeter. To
               provide an equivalent level of safety, the eBee autopilot calculates the ground level with the on-board
               GPS during the pre-flight tests. The GPS and barometer data are merged with their respective precisions.
               The GPS provides reliable information to correct potential barometric bias, while rapid variations in
               altitude are detected though the barometer.

               The Petitioner supports 91.151. The Petitioner believes that an equivalent level of safety is already
               achieved with the specific procedure preventing the eBee to accept a take-off order if the battery level
               is below a given value. Moreover, Sense Fly has integrated "low" and "critical" battery level warnings and
               implemented a "return to Home" and "go land" actions in these situations.
             The Petitioner supports Part 91.203 (a) & (b) but requests a leniency. The eBee only weighs 1.7 pounds.
             As such, there is no ability or place to carry the certification and registration documents, or to display
             them on the eBee. In addition, there are no persons on board. To obtain an equivalent level of safety,
              Petitioner proposes that the certification and registration documents be located with ground crew and
             available upon request.

             The Petitioner requests exemption from 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 91.409(a) (1) and (2), and 91.417(a) &
             (b). The Petitioner proposes that the maintenance of the eBee will be accomplished by the
             owner/operator according to exhibit C. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved.

                          Before every flight the eBee automatically runs a sequence of pre-flight tests to ensure that
             every sensor and every critical part is operating properly. If a problem is detected, the eBee will not be
             able to be switch-on, and a message error is displayed on the main screen of the flight management
             software. The operator can then refer to the maintenance manual to troubleshoot the issue. Several
             parts of the eBee are easily interchangeable, which allows the operator to make sure the wings and·
             propulsion system are always airworthy when a mission is initiated. All maintenance and alterations will
             be properly documented in the UAS records.

                                    Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alteration that affect the eBee operation
             or flight characteristics will undergo a functional test flight in accordance with Exhibit C. The PIC who
             conducts the functional test flight will make an entry in the UAS record of the flight.

) Petitioner will follow the senseFiy aircraft I component maintenance, overhaul,

             replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the applicable components.

                                    Each UAV operated under the exemption will comply with all manufactures SB's.

              Conclusion:

             This request for exemption will make the ability to define a decision support system for the whole farm
             with a goal of optimizing returns on inputs while preserving resources. The ability to locate precise
              position in a field allows for the creation of maps for many variables to be measured; e.g. crop yields,
             terrain features, organic matter content, moisture levels, nitrogen levels, etc. These maps can be
              interpolated onto a common grid for comparison. Help determine the single areas of issue instead of
             treating an entire field. This will help with our economy starting with the rural farmer and ending in the
              consumer's hand.

 I

)
          sense Fly

     Extended User Manual

                       eBee and eBee Ag
       Revision 12 I September 2014
Copyright e;; 2010-2014 senseFiy Ltd

                   "-~

       senseFiy

                         a Parrot company
                GENERAL INFORMATION

                            READ THIS USER MANUAL CAREFULLY BEFORE USING A SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCT.
                         senseFly Ltd products are intended for professional use only.

                 Applicable Regulations

                            senseFiy Ltd products are subject to Civil Aviation regulations. Regulations may vary depending on the country
                            where you intend to operate your product.
                            ANY USE OF SENSEFLY LTD PRODUCTS IN BREACH OF THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY WHERE YOU OPERATE THE PRODUCT
                            IS UNDER YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
                            INFORM YOURSELF BEFORE USING THE PRODUCT. SOME COUNTRIES MAY HAVE LAWS THAT LIMIT THE USE OF UN-
                            MANNED AIRCRAFT TO 'LINE-OF-SIGHT' OPERATIONS AND/OR PROHIBIT THE USE OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT AT ALL
                            OR IN SPECIFIC AREAS.

                 Privacy

\
) Recording and circulating an image of an individual may constitute an infringement of their image and privacy for

                            which you can be liable. Ask for authorization before taking pictures of an individual, particularly if you want to keep
                            your recordings and/or circulate images on the Web or any other medium. Do not circulate degrading images or
                            ones that could undermine the reputation or dignity of an individual. Check that your use of the cameras on board
                            senseFiy Ltd products comply with the legal provision on privacy in the country where you operate your product.

                 Limited Warranty

                            SenseFiy Ltd warrants that the product will be free from defects in material and workmanship for a period of twelve
                            (12) months from the date of delivery. SenseFiy Ltd further warrants that the product will perform substantially in
                            accordance with its specification. During the warranty period senseFiy Ltd's sole liability shall be at senseFiy Ltd's
                            sole option, either to repair or to replace the defective product with another product or a product with similar spec-
                            ifications, at no charge, or to reimburse the purchase price of the product, or if repair or replacement is not possible,
                            issue a credit note; provided however, that the defect has been confirmed by senseFiy Ltd and that the defective
                            product is returned to senseFiy Ltd in accordance with the support and repair form together with all required flight
                            logfiles.
                            Warranty does not apply, without limitation, in case: a) the products are not stored and used according to their
                            specifications, b) the products are damaged due to carelessness, negligence, or wrong use by the user, and c) for
                            defects due to normal wear and tear including, but not limited to, deterioration to the airframe after first flight,
                            normal degradation, misuse, moisture or liquids, proximity or exposure to heat, accidents, excessive strain, abuse,
                            neglect, misapplication, repairs or modifications made by third party other than senseFiy Ltd, damage due to manual
                            operation, damage due to take-off or landing location with obstacles, damage due to low altitude flight, damage due
                            to loss of data radio connection, damage due to strong wind, rain or humidity, or other causes for which senseFly Ltd
                            has no control.
                           THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES ARE IN LIEU OF ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITH-
                            OUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF
                            ANY OTHER OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF SENSEFLY LTD.

                limitation of liability

                           TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SENSEFLY LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF REV-
                            ENUE, LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF DATA, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF
                            SENSE FLY LTD HAS BEEN NOTIFIED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER THIS LIABILITY ARISES
                            FROM A CLAIM BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF GROSS NEGLI-
                            GENCE AND DEATH.
                            YOU SHALL AT ALL TIMES OPERATE THE PRODUCT IN AREAS OR UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES SO AS TO GUARANTY SE-
                            CURITY AND SAFETY OF PEOPLE, PROPERTY AND ANIMALS.

                Copyrights

                            senseFiy Ltd reserves the right to make changes to specifications and product descriptions contained in this docu-
                            ment at any time without notice. Please consult www.sensefly.com for the latest release.

) Copyright© 2014 senseFly Ltd. All rights reserved. REPRODUCTION, USE OR DISCLOSURE OF ALL OR IN PART OF THIS
                            MANUAL TO THIRD PARTIES WITHOUTTHE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF SENSEFLY LTD IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
Address

senseFly Ltd
Route de Geneve 38
1033 Cheseaux-Lausanne
Switzerland

Website: http://www.sensefly.com

Technical support

If you have questions on your eBee or accompanying software please consult senseFiy Ltd's Technical
support website at the following address:
http://www.se nsefly.com/su pport/
\
)

                            Welcome to your eBee

                   Congratulations on your purchase of the eBee, a complex and powerful yet intu-
                   itive autonomous mapping system. We take great care to develop and design the
                   best possible hardware and software tools for quick, high-quality and easy-to-use
                   20 and 30 aerial mapping.

                               Note: This manual refers to the version 2.4 of eMotion and version 3.2
                                of Postflight Terra 3D software. Check the software version included
                                in your package and consult the Release Notes for potential changes
                                included in more recent versions of the software.
     Package contents

                                       eBee                   User manual
                                    battery                   battery
                                                              charger
                                       packs
                                                              eBee
                                       spare                  battery
                                  propeller                   charger
                                                              cable
\. remote control,                                            camera
) cables and                                                  charger

                                  propeller                   camera
                               attachment

                                      bands

                                    ground
                                    modem

                                EPP

                                        glue

                                              wing eBee wing

\                                             central body

  I

.J
  \
   )

                    The standard eBee package contains the following items:

                         · 1x carrying case with foam protection
                         · 1x eBee central body with built-in autopilot
                         · 1x pair of detachable wings
                         · 1x spare propeller
                         · 1Ox spare propeller attachment rubber bands
                         · 2x Lithium-Polymer battery packs
                         · 1x Lithium-Polymer battery charger (including cables)
                         · 1x 2.4 GHz USB ground modem for radio data link (including USB cable)
-\, · 1x 2.4 GHz remote control (including including 3 AA batteries)
)
                         · 1x still camera (including memory card, battery and charger)
                         · 1x USB cable for interfacing with camera and on-board autopilot
                         · 1x EPP glue
                         · 1x eBee User Manual
                         · 1x camera User Manual

                    Depending on your order, your package may also include other items, such as
                    additional payloads. Please verify upon delivery that your package is complete.
                    In case of a missing item, please contact your eBee reseller immediately.

                                 Note: Camera user manuals are also available to download from
                                 sensefly.com/support/download.
Hardware features

            /

   ,/

                        Top face of the eBee

ground
sensor
camera lens hole

Bottom face of
the central body

The eBee is an autonomous flying drone comprised of the following components:
    · Central body: This is the core of the eBee and includes all the electronics,
       actuators and communications hardware on-board the drone.
    · Wing: The two wings of the eBee are detachable for storage and replace-
       ment. Each wing has two wing struts and two clips to hold it in place within
       the central body.
                      · Winglets: These structures add aerodynamic stability to the drone while it
                         is in flight.

                      · Ailerons: Used to control the eBee while in flight.

                      · Servo connection mechanism: The ailerons are connected to the servo-
                         motors within the central body ofthe drone through this connection mech-
                         anism.

                      · Propeller: Used to generate thrust while it is in flight.

                             Caution: When attached to the motor the propeller spins at high
                             speeds and can be potentially dangerous if it comes into contact with
                             exposed skin. Be sure to always keep your hands clear ofthe propeller
                             when the batteryis attached to the eBee.

\ · Battery compartment: The eBee is powered by a LiPo (Lithium Polymer)
) battery stored within the battery compartment.

                             Caution: Proper care of your battery is essential. Please read section
                             /Proper battery care' on page 135 before using your drone for the first
                             time.

                      · Camera compartment: The eBeefeatures a built-in camera for taking aerial
                         images stored within the camera compartment.

                      · Data Link Antenna: Used by the drone to communicate with the eMotion
                         software through the USB ground modem.

                      · Pitot probe: This is the sensor used by the eBee to detect airspeed, wind
                         and altitude. It must be kept clean and clear of obstructions to function
                         properly.

                      · Status LED: This coloured LED displays the current state of the eBee. It is
                         housed underneath the pitot probe and thus illuminates the entire trans-
                         parent probe in various colours depending on the drone's state.

)
· Ground sensor: The ground sensor, composed of a high-speed optical
  sensor and lens assembly, is used to detect the proximity of the ground.
               Software features

                    The eBee package allows for the download and use of eMotion * and Postflight
                    Terra 30 *at no extra cost.

               e oti

                    eMotion is the integrated software package that allows you to interact with your
                    eBee. Its easy-to-use interface allows you to plan a mapping flight intuitively from
                      the comfort of your office or directly in the field. Once the drone is launched, you
                    can use eMotion's wireless connection with your eBee to track its position, monitor
\ the progress of your mapping flight and send commands if desired.

)

                    Once your eBee returns after an aerial mapping flight it is the turn of Postflight
                    Terra 30 to process the captured images fully automatically. Postflight Terra 30 is
                      a full-featured mapping solution: with just a few mouse clicks it can create high-
                      quality geo-referenced 20 and 30 orthomosaics and digital elevation/surface mod-
                    els (OEM/OSM). While you are still in the field Postflight Terra 30 analyses the qual-
                      ity of the captured images and generates an easy to understand report, letting you
                      know immediately if the data you captured meets your mapping requirements.

                * Software access terms and conditions apply. Postflight Terra 3D is limited to eBee images only.
)

)

)
Contents

Quick start guide                                  17

1 Planning and simulating a flight                 18

1.1 Installing eMotion, Postflight Terra 30, and the ground modem

     drivers ........ . . . . . . .............. 18

1.2 The eMotion interface ...                      19

1.3 Creating a new flight plan                     21

1.4 The mission phase of a flight . .       .....  22

1.5 Simulating your flight ....                    24

1.6 Getting ready for a mission                    25

2 Executing a flight                               27

    2.1 Weather check . . . . . . .                27
    2.2 Preparing the eBee for flight              28
    2.3 The setup phase of a flight .              37
    2.4 Take-off . . . . . . . . . . .             41
    2.5 In-flight monitoring and control .         44
    2.6 Landing . . . . . . . . . .                46
    2.7 Potential in-flight errors                 46

3 Processing image data                            48

3.1 Importing images and flight data               48

3.2 In-field image quality check . . .             51

3.3 Creating advanced mapping products . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
'\                                                                           55

               II Advanced functionalities                                    56
                                                                              56
                   4 Understanding aerial mapping with the eBee               60
                         4.1 Waypoints and their properties                   61
                         4.2 Advanced polygonal mission area                  64
                         4.3 3D mission planning using elevation data .       66
                        4.4 Flight visualization in Goog/e EarthTM ...        70
                         4.5 Autonomous control!er and modes of flight .      75
                         4.6 Linear landing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
                         4.7 Flying multiple drones at the same time ..       81
                         4.8 Individual photo targets and oblique imagery
                                                                              83
                   5 eMotion in-depth guide                                   84
                                                                              87
)                                                                             89
                                                                              92
                         5.1 Toolbar ..                                       96
                         5.2 Simulator .                                     100
                         5.3 Control Bar                                     109
                         5.4 Flight Monitoring tab                           111
                         5.5 Setup Phase tab ...                             116
                         5.6 Mission Planning tab .
                         5.7 Mission Waypoints tab .                         120
                         5.8 Camera tab . . . . . .
                         5.9 Flight Parameters tab                           120
                                                                             122
                   6 Manual control of the eBee                              123
                        6.1 Enabling manual control .
                         6.2 Pre-flight testing of the remote control
                         6.3 Full Manual mode . . . . . . . . . . .
                           6.4 Assisted Manual mode . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 124

)
Ill Maintenance, Repair and Troubleshooting                           127

7 Maintenance and repair of the eBee                                  128

    7.1 Updating the eBee software ...                                128
    7.2 Cleaning and storage . . . . . . .                            131
    7.3 Full airframe and sensor inspection                           131
    7.4 Repairing the eBee airframe                                   135
    7.5 Proper battery care .                                         135

                   8 Troubleshooting                                  137
                      8.1 Pre-flight errors .
                      8.2 Take-off vetoes .                           138
                      8.3 In-flight warnings                          141
                                                                      143
) 8.4 Critical failures ..                                            155
                      8.5 Resetting default camera settings           158
                      8.6 Improving radio signal communication        158
                      8.7 Losing and locating your eBee in the field  159
                      8.8 Reporting a problem with your eBee ...      160

IV Specifications                                                     161

1 Software requirements                                                162
2 Drone specifications                                                 163
                                                              Part I

                        Quick start guide

The first part of this document introduces you to the eBee and contains the basic
information you will need to plan and execute a simple mapping project. A typical
mapping project can be divided into three main phases:

    1. Planning and simulating a flight: Every project begins with careful plan-

         ning, whether it is a quick flight over a small area or a multi-stage flight
         in complex terrain. Section 'Planning and simulating a flight' on the next
         page describes how to use the Mission Planning feature to quickly generate
         a flight plan and to test it using the built-in simulator.

    2. Executing a flight: Once planning is complete, it is time for the drone to

         perform its flight. In section 'Executing a flight' on page 27 you will learn
        how to prepare your drone for flight, connect it to eMotion, and to monitor
        it in flight while it gathers images. Though the eBee can complete a flight
         fully autonomously from take-off to landing, you can also modify its flight
         plan at any point during flight.

    3. Processing image data: The last step in a project is converting the images
        taken by your eBee into usable products such as precise gee-referenced or-

         thomosaics or 30 terrain models. section 'Processing image data' on page 48
         leads you through the process of transferring images from the drone to a
         computer, checking if the image quality suits your needs while still in the
         field and producing advanced 20 and 30 maps.
Quick start guide

1 Planning and simulating a flight

            Goal of this section: This section introduces the eMotion software
             used to interface with the eBee. It describes the steps required to

             plan, simulate, and save a simple mapping flight. A more detailed
             description of eMotion and its advanced functions is presented in sec-
            tion 'eMotion in-depth guide' on page 83.

1.1 Installing eMotion, Postflight Terra 30, and the ground mo-
        dem drivers

You can download the latest version of eMotion and Postflight Terra 30 at:

                            www.sensefly.com/support/download

Use the password provided with your eBee to access the download section.
We recommend that you download and install Google EarthTM to take full advan-
tage of the features of eMotion. You can find more information at the following
address:

                                      www.google.com/earth/

To install eMotion on Windows, simply execute the provided installers for eMotion
and Postflight Terra 30 and follow the on-screen instructions. The eMotion and
Postflight Terra 3D software will be available in the 'Start' menu. Drivers for the USB
ground station ground modem will automatically be installed along with eMotion.
In case a problem arises after connecting the ground modem to the computer for
the first time you can find the drivers in one of the following directories (depend-
ing on your version of Windows):

       C:\Program Files\senseFly\eMotion 2\usb_driver\
       C:\ProgramFiles (x86)\senseFly\eMotion 2\usb_driver\

18
\,

/ Planning and simulating a flight

                   See section 'Updating the eBee software' on page 128 if you have any difficulty
                     with software installation.

                 1.2 The eMotion interface

                   Thanks to the powerful tools available within eMotion, designing a mapping flight
                   for your eBee is a simple process. To get started, launch eMotion and choose what
                     you would like to do...

                           · To run a simulation, select the simulator, choose the drone you want to
                               simulate and click OK.

                           · To fly a drone, connect your ground modem to your computer and select
                               Drone. Ifyou have more than one USB device connected to your PC, choose
                              the ground modem you want to connect to from the list and click OK. Oth-
                               erwise, just click OK.

                           · To process flight data you already created, select the Flight Data Manager
                               and click OK.

                     We recommend that you plan flights using a simulated drone. Once connected to
                    a real or simulated drone you will see the main screen of eMotion.
                    The main screen of eMotion is split into four sections:

)
                                                                                                                                                             19
Quick start guide

                              Flight Parameters tab ----.....,
                                          Camera tab - - - - - - .

                             Mission Waypoints tab -----.
                              Mission Planning tab -----.
                                    Setup Phase tab
                              Flight Monitoring tab

                                                                    Status
                                                                    Panel

                   Map Area  Sidebar

     · Map Area: The Map Area of eMotion displays a map with the drone's cur-
        rent position, indicated by the~ symbol. A small Status Panel floats be-
        side the symbol, indicating important status information including the eBee's
        current altitude (both Above the Take-off Altitude, marked as ATO, and Above
        Mean Sea Level, marked as AMSL), battery level, flight time, and status. The
        Status Panel can be hidden by clicking on the drone. Moving around the
        map is done by clicking and dragging at any place not occupied by a sym-
        bol (such as a waypoint or the drone symbol).

20
