August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12488
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2254

Mr. Brent M. Detter
Unmanned Photography
125 Stanley Avenue
Landisville, PA 17538

Dear Mr. Detter:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Unmanned Photography (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, videography, surveying, mapping, monitoring, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3D Robotics IRIS+.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Photography is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Photography is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3DR IRIS+ when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 22, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
         Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam,

We, Unmanned Photography, are writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and the
procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that, Unmanned Photography, an owner and operator of
small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that We,
Unmanned Photography, may operate unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by
the Federal Aviation Administration ("FAA").

Currently using a 3DR IRSI+Quadcopter¹,2 with intent for aerial photography / videography to showcase
constructed projects for architects, landscape architects, and contractors in and around South Eastern
Pennsylvania. Other anticipated applications would include surveying, mapping, and construction site monitoring.
Use of the UAS for aerial photography, inspections and surveys reduce the need to utilize conventional manned
aircraft, manned lifting devices or manned climbing for the same purpose and provides very high quality imagery
at a fraction of the cost. These savings result in enhanced safety, efficiency and productivity for the affected
activities, as well as environmental benefits.

We, Unmanned Photography, are committed to safety with each flight. Our exemption request would permit
operation of ultra-light weight, UAS(s) in tightly controlled and limited airspace. Predetermined in areas away
from general public, airports, heliports and vehicular traffic.

Currently, similar lightweight, remote controlled UAS's are legally operated by unmonitored amateur hobbyists
with no safety plan or controls in place to prevent catastrophe. We, Unmanned Photography, have personally
instilled safety protocols and controls3 to avoid and prevent public hazard, as well as manned aircraft
hazards/catastrophe. This will act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight UAS's specific to aerial
photography, surveying, and mapping applications as We, Unmanned Photography, record flight data and other
information gained through permitted flight operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports
to assist with future protocol and safety regulation.

Granting our request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA Administrator's) responsibilities and
authority to not only integrate UAS's into the national airspace system, but to "...establish requirements for the
safe operation of such aircraft systems [UAS's] in the national airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform
Act specific to the use of UAS's for Cinematography/Photo purposes. Further We, Unmanned Photography, will
conduct our operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the FAA.

For the reasons stated below We, Unmanned Photography, respectfully request the grant of an exemption
allowing us to operate ultra-lightweight, remote controlled UAS's for aerial photography, mapping, and surveying
operations that are now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft or other manned means of
inspections. All of which will promote local economic growth through increased employment and increased tax

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition          1 of 7
base. Both with public safety in mind by keeping heavier manned aircraft containing combustible fuel that that
poses potential public hazard.

I. Contact Information

Unmanned Photography
Brent M. Detter
125 Stanley Avenue
Landisville, PA 17538
(717) 468-0700
brentdetter@unmanned-photography.com

II. Regulations Petitioner Petitions for Exemption, If Such Regulations Apply to sUAVs

14 CFR Part 21           14 CFR 91.103                               14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)       14 CFR 91.109(a)                            14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)  14 CFR 91.119                               14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 61.133 (a)        14 CFR 91.121                               14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a) and (b)  14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)      14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)

III. The Extent of Relief Sought and the Reason We Seek Such Relief

We, Unmanned Photography, submit this application in accordance with the Reform Act, 112 P.L. 95 §§ 331-
334, seeking relief from any currently applicable FARs operating to prevent Us, Unmanned Photography, to
pursue aerial photography, surveying, mapping and other flight operations within the national airspace
system. The Reform Act in Section 332 provides for such integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into
our national airspace system as it is in the public's interest to do so. Our, Unmanned Photograph's, ultra-
lightweight UAS meets the definition of "small unmanned aircraft" as defined in Section 331 and therefore
the integration of our ultra-lightweight UAS is expressly contemplated by the Reform Act. We would like to
operate our ultra-lightweight UAS prior to the time period by which the Reform Act requires the FAA to
promulgate rules governing such craft.

Thereby, providing direct experience and valuable information for formal regulation that can be administered
uniformly to all construction related UAS aerial photography, surveying and mapping. The Reform Act guides
the Secretary in determining the types of UAS's that may operate safely in our national airspace system.
Considerations include: The weight, size, speed and overall capabilities of the UAS's; whether the UAS will be
operated near airports or heavily populated areas; and, whether the UAS will be operated by line of sight. 112
P.L. 95 § 333 (a). Each of these items reflect in favor of an exemption for Us, Unmanned Photography. Our
UAS utilizes four (4) counter-rotating propellers for balance, control and stability. Our UAS is equipped with
GPS and Return to Launch safety technology. Weighing less than ten (10) pounds (far below the maximum 55
pound limit); including camera with gimbal.

We, Unmanned Photography, considers safety as foremost with each flight. Our small unmanned aircraft is
designed to hover in place via GPS and operate in less than a 24 knot (15 mph) wind. For safety, stability and
fear of financial loss we will not fly in winds exceeding 16 kph (10 mph). Built in safety systems include a Loiter
Mode that allows our UAS to hover in place when radio control inputs are released. With three modes to
choose from, we utilize the Loiter Mode for aerial photography. This is the safest, most reliable and stable

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition                                     2 of 7
    mode to prevent accident and hazard. When pilot communication is lost our UAS is designed to slowly descend
    to point of take-off. We do not operate our UAS near airports, Hospitals nor Police heliports, and do not
    operate near areas where general public is within fifty to one hundred (50-100) yards depending on location,
    conditions and weather.

    We are constantly on alert for any manned aircraft (Police/Medical helicopters, etc.) and are prepared to
    land/abort immediately to the nearest and safest ground point should a manned aircraft approach our
    location or we suspect manned aircraft may approach near our location. Our UAS is capable of vertical and
    horizontal operations, and is flown only within line of sight of the pilot. Utilizing battery power rather than
    combustible fuels, flights generally last between eighteen (18) to twenty (20) minutes, with an altitude under
    three hundred (300) feet.

    We, Unmanned Photography, utilize a fresh fully charged battery with each flight as a safety precaution; full
    flight time limit for each battery is eighteen (18) to twenty (20) minutes as tested. We do not operate our UAS
    at or below manufacturer recommended minimum charge levels for operation; preferring to remain well
    within a safe operating range to insure adequate communication between radio control and UAS to eliminate
    potential for crash, loss of control or hazard. Reserve batteries are at hand with each exercise to insure
    replacement for sufficient safe level of operation.

    We do not believe in taking risk that may cause a crash that could create hazard to the
    public/property/manned aircraft. We have clocked over 50+ hours of hobby level flights for future commercial
    use to gain familiarization with the characteristics of this specific UAS's performance under different
    temperature and weather conditions. We also practice computerized simulated flights to maintain adequate
    skills and response reflex time.

    We, Unmanned Photography, am extremely cautious when operating of our UAS/ultra-lightweight unmanned
    aircraft and will not "create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public." 112 P.L. 95 § 333
    (b). Given the small size and weight of our UAS it falls well within Congress's contemplated safety zone when
    it promulgated the Reform Act and the corresponding directive to integrate UAS's into the national airspace
    system. The UAS, used in hobby flight, has a demonstrable safety record and does not pose any threat to the
    general public or national security.

IV. How Unmanned Photography's Request Will Benefit the General Public

    Aerial photography, surveying and mapping for the Architectural, Engineering and Construction market has
    been around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. However, for small budget
    companies and average design professionals the expense of such aerial services is cost prohibitive. Only large
    companies can afford to absorb such expenses, depriving smaller companies from a valuable marketing and
    construction observation tool. Manned aircraft can pose a threat to the public through potential catastrophic
    crashes which may result in possible loss of life. Our UAS pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible
    fuel alleviates any potential threat to the public.

    Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAS's into
    the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. Granting Our, Unmanned Photograph's,
    exemption request furthers the public interest through academic/visual awareness of the geographical
    benefits in and around the South Florida area. Our ultra-lightweight UAS is battery powered and creates no
    emissions that can harm the environment. The consequence of our ultra-lightweight UAS crashing is far less

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition  3 of 7
than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain combustible fuel and can cause
catastrophic devastation to the public

The public's interest is furthered by minimizing ecological and crash threat by permitting aerial photography,
surveying and mapping through our battery operated ultra lightweight UAS's.

Permitting us, Unmanned Photography, to immediately fly within national air space furthers economic
growth. Granting our exemption request substantially furthers the economic impact for the south central
Pennsylvania Florida community for companies looking to benefit from aerial photography, surveying and
mapping. Both of which serve as a stimulus to the community.

V. Reasons Why Unmanned Photography's Exemption Will Not Adversely Affect Safety and How The
    Exemption Will Provide a Level of Safety At Least Equal To Existing Rule

Our, Unmanned Photograph's, exemption will not adversely affect safety. Quite the contrary, for the reasons
stated permitting us, Unmanned Photography, to log more flight time in FAA controlled airspace, with
communication with the FAA, will allow me to contribute to the innovation and implementation of new and
novel, as of yet undiscovered safety protocols for UAS Pilots that can be embraced for development in
cooperation with the FAA. In addition We, Unmanned Photography, submit the following representations of
enhancements to current aerial videography and photography:

a. Our UAS weighs less than 10 pounds complete with a small ultra-lightweight high camera
b. We only operate our UAS below 300 feet (well within the 400 foot permissible ceiling set by the FAA

    Modernization and Reform Act of 2012);
c. Our UAS only operate for 18-20 minutes per flight;
d. We land our UAS prior to manufacturer recommended minimum level of battery power;
e. We pilot our UAS through remote control only by line of sight;
f. Our UAS has GPS a flight safety feature whereby it hovers and then slowly lands if communication with

    the remote control pilot is lost;
g. We actively analyze flight data and other sources of information to constantly update and enhance safety

    protocols;
h. We only operate in reasonably safe environment that are strictly controlled, are away from power lines,

    elevated lights, airports and actively populated areas;
i. We conduct extensive pre-flight inspections and protocol, during which safety carries primary importance;
j. WE always obtains all necessary permissions prior to operation; and,
k. WE have procedures in place to abort flights in the event of safety breaches or potential danger.

Our, Unmanned Photograph's, safety protocols provide a level of safety equal to or exceeding existing rules.
It is important to note that absent the integration of commercial UAS into our national airspace system,
traditional helicopters and fixed wind aircraft are the primary means of aerial photography, surveying and
mapping in the design and construction industry. While the safety record of such helicopters is remarkably
astounding, it is far safer to operate a battery powered ultra-lightweight UAS.

a. First, the potential loss of life is diminished because UAS's carry no people on board and only operated in
    specific areas away from mass populations.

b. Second, there is no fuel on board a UAS and thus the potential for fire or explosions is greatly diminished.
c. Third, the small size and extreme maneuverability of our UAS allow me to remotely pilot away from and

    avoid hazards quickly and safely.

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition  4 of 7
    d. Lastly, given its small size and weight, even when close enough to capture amazing images, our UAS need
         not be so close to the objects they are focused on through the technology and use of post editing software
         allowing pan and zoom.

    Accordingly, our UAS has been experimentally operated for familiarization/competency and will continue to
    operate at and above current safety levels.

VI. A Summary - The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register

    A. 14 C.F.R. 21 & 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness Certificates, Manuals and the Like

    14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth requirements for procurement of
    necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The size, weight and enclosed
    operational area of Our, Unmanned Photograph's, UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because our UAS
    meets (and exceeds) an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act. The FAA is
    authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act (49 U.S.C. §
    44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt UAS's from
    the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed, maneuverability and
    proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations.

    Our, Unamend Photography's, current and projected UAS's meet or exceed each of the elements.

    14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. As no such
    certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is inapplicable.

    14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no on board pilots or
    passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will
    be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual delineating areas of where safety can be defined. The FAA
    has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565,
    9565B, 10167, 10167A,10602, 10700 and 32827.

    14 C.F.R. § 91.121 regarding altimeter settings is inapplicable insofar as our UAS utilizes electronic global
    positioning systems with a barometric sensor.

    14 C.F.R. § 91.203 (a) and (b) provides for the carrying of civil aircraft certifications and registrations. They are
    inapplicable for the same reasons described above. The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by
    maintaining any such required certifications and registrations by Unmanned Photography.

    B. 14 C.F.R. § 45.23: Marking of The Aircraft

    Applicable Codes of Federal Regulation require aircraft to be marked according to certain specifications. Our
    UAS are, by definition, unmanned. They therefore do not have a cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which to
    mark certain words or phrases.

    Further, two-inch lettering is difficult to place on such small aircraft with dimensions smaller that minimal
    lettering requirement. Regardless, we will mark our UAS's in the largest possible lettering by placing the word
    "EXPERIMENTAL" on its fuselage as required by 14 C.F.R. §45.29 (f) so that the pilot, or anyone assisting as a

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition  5 of 7
spotter with the UAV will see the markings. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation
through Exemptions Nos. 8738, 10167, 10167A and 10700.

C. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: PIC

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) & (b), private pilots are limited to non-commercial operations. We,
Unmanned Photography, can achieve an equivalent level of safety as achieved by current Regulations because
our UAS does not carry any pilots or passengers. Further, while helpful, a pilot license will not ensure remote
control piloting skills. The risks attended to the operation of our UAS are far less than the risk levels inherent
in the commercial activities outlined in 14 C.F.R. § 61, et seq. Thus, allowing us, Unmanned Photography, to
operate our UAS meeting and exceeding current safety levels in relation to 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b).

D. 14 C.F.R. 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

14 C.F.R. § 91.119 prescribes safe altitudes for the operation of civil aircraft. It allows helicopters to be
operated at lower altitudes in certain conditions. Our UAS will never operate at an altitude greater than 300
AGL; safely below the standard of 400 AGL. We, Unmanned Photography, will however operate our UAS in
safe areas away from public and traffic, providing a level of safety at least equivalent to or below those in
relation to minimum safe altitudes. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed of our UAS, an
equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

E. 14 C.F.R. 91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

The above-cited Regulations require, amongst other things, aircraft owners and operators to "have [the]
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter.
. . ."

These Regulations only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. They will not, therefore, apply to
Our, Unmanned Photograph's, UAS. However, as a safety precaution WE inspect our UAS before and after
each flight.

A Summary: The FAA May Publish in the Federal Register: A. 14 C.F.R. 21 and 14 C.F.R. 91: Airworthiness
Certificates, Manuals and the Like. 14 C.F.R. 21, Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, sets forth
requirements for procurement of necessary airworthiness certificates in relation to FAR § 91.203(a)(1). The
size, weight and enclosed operational area of our UAS permits exemption from Part 21 because Our,
Unmanned Photograph's, UAS meets an equivalent level of safety pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.
The FAA is authorized to exempt aircraft from the airworthiness certificate requirement under both the Act
(49 U.S.C. § 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act. Both pieces of legislation permit the FAA to exempt
UAS's from the airworthiness certificate requirement in consideration of the weight, size, speed,
maneuverability and proximity to areas such as airports and dense populations. Our UAS meets or exceeds
each of the elements. 14 C.F.R. 91.7(a) prohibits the operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness
certificate. As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2) requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft. As there are no pilots or
passengers, and given the size of the UAS's, this Regulation is inapplicable. An equivalent level of safety will
be achieved by maintaining a manual. The FAA has previously issued exemptions to this regulation in
Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, maintenance program that involves

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition  6 of 7
regular software updates and curative measures for any damaged hardware. Therefore, an equivalent level
of safety will be achieved.

F. In summary, Unmanned Photography seeks an exemption from the following Regulations

14 CFR Part 21           14 CFR 91.103                                            14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)       14 CFR 91.109(a)                                         14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)  14 CFR 91.119                                            14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 61.133 (a)        14 CFR 91.121                                            14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.7 (a) and (b)  14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)      14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)

To commercially operate our small unmanned vehicle/lightweight unmanned aircraft vehicle in community
awareness, aerial photography, surveying and mapping services, and to develop economic platforms for
design professionals and contractors to market their projects, services, and documents construction progress.
Currently, area design professionals and contractors rely primarily on the use of larger aircraft running on
combustible fuel. Posing potential risk to the public.

Granting our request for exemption will reduce current risk levels and thereby enhance safety. Our UAS craft
does not contain potentially explosive fuel, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than conventional video
and photographic aircraft with much less flight time. Further, We operate at lower altitudes and in controlled
airspace eliminating potential public risk flying to and from established air fields. We, Unmanned
Photography, have been informally analyzing flight information and have compiled safety protocols and the
implementation of a flight operations manual for UAS usage that exceeds currently accepted means and
methods for safe flight. Formal collection of information shared with the FAA will enhance the FAA's internal
efforts to establish protocols for complying with the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. There are
no personnel on board our UAS and therefore the likelihood of death or serious bodily injury is significantly
diminished.

Operation of our UAS, weighing less than 10 pounds and travelling at lower speeds within limited areas will
provide an equivalent level of safety as that achieved under current FARs. Accordingly We, Unmanned
Photography, respectfully request that the FAA grant our exemption request and am willing to cooperate in
sharing information to benefit the FAA, safety of manned aircraft, and the general public at large.

Sincerely,
Unmanned Photography

    Brent M. Detter                                                                    7 of 7
    Owner

    Enclosure:
    1. Appendix A IRIS+ Operation Manual
    2. Appendix B FlySky ER9X Controller Operation Manual
    3. Appendix C Unmanned Photography Standard Operating Procedures
    4. Appendix D Unmanned Photography Flight Log

      c:\users\brentd\google drive\up\correspondance\2015 05 xx 333 request.dotx

Unmanned Photography Section 333 Exemption Petition
Unmanned Photography
        Appendix A

IRIS+ Operation Manual
                                                              IMPORTANT

                                    Read before
                                       flying!

Operation Manual
Contents

01 Meet IRIS
03Parts
04 Charging the Battery
06 Attaching Propellers
07 Safety and Failsafes

08 Learn to Fly
11 Flight Modes
13 Return to Launch
13Geofence
14  First Flight
19 Planning Missions
20 Flying Missions

21 Specifications and Resources
22 Learn More and Support
Meet IRIS+.

Thank you for purchasing IRIS+.
IRIS is a personal aerial imaging platform powered by open-source
hardware, software, and firmware. Please read this manual carefully
before your first flight and pay close attention to safety information.
Happy flying!

        Important note: When using a GoPro with IRIS, always
        ensure that the WiFi on the GoPro is turned OFF.

                                                                                                                   01
Front

                                   antenna
                                                            safety button

                front arms (blue)

    Rear

                                   USB port

    status LED

                battery
                compartment

                           rear arms (black)

02
Parts

Controller
your direct link to IRIS

Ground station radio
with USB and Android adapters

Battery kit
battery, guard bag, and charger
with international travel adapters

Propellers and tool kit
four propellers with propeller tool and
small, medium, and large hex keys
(1.5 mm, 2 mm, and 3 mm)

Tall legs
Switch to tall legs to use IRIS with the Tarot
Gimbal or for extra clearance on landing.

Use the small (1.5 mm) hex   Slide out the leg to remove it, and replace with the tall leg.
key to loosen the set screw  Tighten the set screw until it sits flush with the surface.
in the bottom of the leg.    Do not tighten the screw beyond this point.

                                                                                                       03
Charging the Battery

IRIS is powered by a rechargeable lithium polymer (LiPo) battery. Store
the battery at half charge then charge fully before flying. Batteries must
ship at half charge, so please charge before your first flight. Each full
battery provides up to 22 minutes of flight time without a gimbal and
up to 16 minutes when using a Tarot Gimbal.*

1 Connect charger to the         Connect the red cable to the
      power adapter cable and    + port and the black cable
      a wall outlet.             to the - port.

                                 +

2 Set the charger to             ­
       LiPo and 3A.
                                     LiPo 3A
3 Connect the white
      connector to the 3S port.
      Join the two yellow
      connectors together.

                3S

04
4 Secure battery inside the guard bag
       while charging. Charge until the status
       indicator displays green.

                                                                       Charging Complete

     Battery Safety

Protect the battery from extreme heat, extreme cold, puncturing,
and flammable surfaces. Always transport, charge, and store
the battery in the guard bag.

Charge the battery using a designated LiPo balance charger only.
Always monitor the battery while charging.

Flying with a low battery is a safety risk and can render the battery
unusable. Always discontinue use when you receive a low battery
notification, and always fly with a fully charged battery.

Inspect the battery for damage before takeoff and after landing.
If you observe any swelling of the package or the battery ceases
to function, locate your local battery recycling center to dispose
of the battery. In the US and Canada, visit call2recycle.org to find
a location. Do not dispose of the battery in the trash.

*Flight time varies with payload, wind conditions, altitude,
temperature, humidity, flying style, and pilot skill. See the Flight
Checklist for instructions on managing battery levels during flight.

                                                                                          05
Attaching Propellers

IRIS uses four propellers: two with black nuts and two with silver nuts.
Attach the propellers with black nuts to the motors with black tops and
the propellers with silver nuts to the motors with silver tops.

Each propeller has locking and unlocking direction symbols. To attach,
spin the propeller in the direction of the locking symbol. The propellers will
automatically tighten onto the motors when you arm IRIS before takeoff.

For propellers with black nuts:  For propellers with silver nuts:

Spin clockwise to attach.        Spin counterclockwise
                                 to attach.
Spin counterclockwise
to remove.                       Spin clockwise to
                                 remove.

                                              To remove, hold the motor in place with
                                              the propeller tool, and spin the propeller
                                              in the direction of the unlocking symbol.

06
     Safety

IRIS has powerful motors and high-speed propellers. Never place your hands
near propellers while IRIS is armed or the safety button displays solid red.
Always press the safety button until it displays blinking red before handling.

Always fly in an open area away from people and buildings; do not attempt to
fly indoors or in a confined space. Do not fly over people, near airports, or in any
situation that could pose a hazard to those around you. Always fly within your
line of sight and in compliance with local regulations. IRIS will not avoid
obstacles on its own. As the operator, it is your job to recognize and avoid
obstructions while flying. Always follow the preflight and postflight steps in the
order described in this manual, and remain attentive at all times while flying.

Environmental factors, such as wind and GPS irregularities, can cause instability
in flight. IRIS will attempt to compensate for these factors by triggering a failsafe
if it detects an unsafe flying condition due to loss of controller signal, loss of GPS
signal, or low battery (see below for details). To avoid potential hazards due to
environmental factors, identify the boundaries of your flying area before takeoff,
and recover IRIS manually by switching into standard (STD) if it moves outside
your designated flying area. If you observe any inconsistent behavior, land, and
consult the troubleshooting guide at 3dr.com/iris/info.

Failsafes

Loss of RC signal
Always use the controller as a primary or backup control system when flying.
Ensure that the controller is turned on any time IRIS is powered. If contact with
the controller is lost during flight, IRIS will land and display a blinking yellow LED.
If IRIS is more than 2 meters (6.5 feet) from the launch point, it will return to
launch (RTL) before landing. (See page 13 for more information about RTL.)

Loss of GPS signal
IRIS requires an active GPS signal before takeoff. If IRIS loses GPS signal in flight,
it will trigger a GPS failsafe, indicated by a blinking blue and yellow LED with a
high-high-high-low tone, and automatically switch to manual control (standard
- altitude hold mode). Always be prepared to regain manual control of IRIS at
any time while flying and choose an unobstructed flying area to improve GPS
signal strength. When flying a mission, we recommended changing the GPS
failsafe behavior to land. (Visit 3dr.com/iris/info for more information about
configuring the GPS failsafe.)

Low battery
When the battery reaches 25% of its remaining charge, IRIS will land and display
a blinking yellow LED with a quick repeating tone. If IRIS reaches the low battery
limit during a mission, it will return to the launch point before landing.

                                                                                                                 07
Learn to Fly                                          left stick:  right stick:
                                                      throttle     pitch
Maneuver IRIS in flighLLetefutftSsSitnitcigckk        & yaw        & roll
the controller sticks.

Throttle                  Left Stick

Move the left stick up and down to control altitude.

                          left stick

To take off and to        Left Stick
gain altitude, raise the
throttle stick slightly
above center position.

Set the throttle stick
to center to maintain
the current altitude.

Lower the throttle        Left Stick
stick below center        Left Stick
to decrease altitude.

Set the throttle stick    Left Stick
fully down to land
once IRIS is a few
inches above the
ground.

08
YawLHtLHtoooooohwhwvvooeeeevvrrrreejj++urur ssLLttMFaaossnonrlliivadgdgehshtltohtllweyylreofttasttiiocnk,hmoLoriLevzefeotftnStShttiatceilcklskytitcokrsoltiagthetlIyRaISwaanydfrcohmantghee  orientation.  LLeefftt
                                                                                                                                                                                             center        RRiigghhtt

in either direction. Moving the stick farther from the center creates

a faster rotation.

                                                                                                                                                  left stick

LLeefftt YYaaww

                    Move the stick to
                    the left to rotate
                    counterclockwise.

RRiigghhtt YYaaww
                    Move the stick
                    to the right to
                    rotate clockwise.

HDssDHttoeoeooalplapddccssututpipinnvviitntnaaiilnlnttepoRsmpeiitnrenorairleepogiognnarttpspoaaeitteenaitothltlnilhlene.eegsrtrcaisuscnrkdretont

Flight Tip
When adjusting orientation, move the left stick horizontally without changing its
vertical position.

                                                                                                                   09
           Pitch and Roll

           The right stick allows you to control IRIS' position in the air. Move the right
           stick to tell IRIS to move in that direction: forward (toward the blue arms),
           back (toward the black arms), left (toward the left arms), or right (towards
           the right arms). How far you move the stick from the center before releasing
           it tells IRIS how fast to move.

pellers                        right stick  Forward
p. ellers
pellers    Move the right                   Forward
pellers    stick forward to                 Forward
           fly forward.                     Forward
 t
 thtly     Move the right                   Back
 ht tly    stick back to fly
 ht tly    backward.                        Back
 htly                                       Back
                                            Back
d
dghtly     Move the right                   Left
gdhtly     stick left to fly
dghtly     left.                            Left
ghtly                                       Left
                                            Left

           Move the right                   Right
           stick right to fly
           right.                           Right
                                            Right
                                            Right

               Flight Tip
               IRIS moves according to its orientation. The blue arms and white lights face
               forward, and the black arms and red lights face backward. Before using the right
               stick, use yaw to keep IRIS facing in outward orientation so that the black arms and
               red lights face towards you and the blue arms and white lights face away from you.

           10
Flight Modes  Full Autonomy                                                                       mode switch

IRIS includes three flight modes: manual flight
(STD-altitude hold), hover mode (LTR-loiter), and
rmigishstiosindefliogfhtth(eAcUoTnOtr)o.llUesretothseelsewctitachfliognhRttehmtuerondteo. Launch

                                            Loiter

Standard (altitude hold mode)

STD                            Full Autonomy

fly manually  Altitude Hold

Start your flight in standard to select altitude hold
mode, and fly IRIS manually using the controller.

                                                        Loiter

              Stabalize

Loiter mode                    Altitude Hold

LTR

hover

Select loiter to set IRIS to hover in place automatically. Use the
controller to adjust IRIS' position then release the sticks to hold
that position. Loiter is a great way for beginners to learn how to fly!
If you're new to flying, start your first fSlitgahbatliizneloiter instead of standard.

To avoid sudden changes in altitude, set the throttle stick
to center position before switching modes, including in the
event of a GPS failsafe.

Advanced Operator Note: If you choose to modify the flight mode configuration to
include Stabilize mode, please fly only with the provided set of tall legs. Flying in Stabilize
with short legs can cause vibrations that may interfere with autopilot calculations and
produce unexpected behavior.

                                                                                                  11
    Auto mode       Altitude Hold

    AUTO

    fly a mission

    Select auto mode to fly an autonomous mission. IRIS will
    automatically fly the series of waypoints saved to the autopilot.
    See pages 19 and 20 for Linositterructions on planning and flying missions.

          Do not activate auto mode unless you have saved a
          mission to IRIS using a ground station application.

                    Full Autonomy

    Gimbal control

    TILT

    tilt the camera up and down

    CcoonntnroelctthaeTaanroglteGoifmtbhaeSltca(RasbemoatluliedzrnresateoipnLafarluaignthectlhy. )V, iasnitd3udsr.ecothme/TirIiLsT/kinnfoobfotor
    instructions.

    Land            Altitude Hold

    CH 7

    land at the current position

    Set the CH 7 switch to ON to end your flight and land IRIS at its
    current position. Once you activate land, set the throttle stick fully
    down, and IRIS will autLoomiteartically disarm after landing. IRIS will not
    disarm automatically unless the throttle stick is set fully down.

    Reposition during landing: During landing, use the
    right stick on the controller to adjust IRIS' position.

                                     Full Autonomy

12
Return to LaunchA(ltiRtudTeLHo)ld

land at the launch point

Set the RTL switch to ON to end your flight and return

IRIS to the launch point automatically. Ensure that the

RTL switch is set to OFF before takeoff.

             Loiter

1 15 meters                                                 2 hover 5 seconds

When commanded to RTL, IRIS will:                           3
1 Achieve minimum altitude of 15 m (50 ft)
 or maintain current altitude if above 15 m.                      launch point
2 Move to launch point and loitFeruflloAr u5tosencoomnyds.
3 Land at launch point.

Reposition during landing: During landing, use the
right stick on the controller to adjust IRIS' position.

                                          Return to Launch
           RTL returns IRIS to the location where IRIS was armed.
           Always arm IRIS in a safe, unobstructed launch point.

Geofence

A safety fence restricts IRIS to within 300 meters (980 feet) of the
launch point and under 100 meters (320 feet) in altitude. If IRIS reaches
the edge of the geofence, it will initiate an automatic return to launch.

                                                                                        300 m

100 m

                                                                   launch point

          In the event of a GPS failsafe, the horizontal geofence will be disabled.
          If IRIS breaches the vertical geofence during a GPS failsafe, it will land at
          its current position.

                                                                                                                        13
Launch  First Flight

omy     Select an open area for flying, away from people and buildings, and
nch     remember to bring the Flight Checklist and a fully charged battery.
        Determine the boundaries of your flying area before takeoff, and select
        a level, unobstructed space as a launch point. Follow these preflight
        and postflight steps in the order shown here and on the Flight Checklist
        every time you fly.

        Preflight

        1 Check
             IRIS.

                                     Point the controller antenna up
                                     and the IRIS antenna down for
                                     the strongest signal.

                                                        Set the mode switch to standard (STD).
                                                        If you're new to flying, try starting your first
old flight in loiter (LTR) instead of standard.

                                                        Ensure that the RTL switch
                                                        is set to OFF.

        2 Power on         Ensure that the controller is always turned on while
              controller.  IRIS is powered. If IRIS loses communication with
                           the controller in flight, IRIS will initiate an automatic
        14                 return to launch.
                       Press and hold the DN button on the controller to
                       view flight data from IRIS. See the Flight Checklist
                       for more information about controller flight data.

3 Connect battery.

                              Press the sides of the battery
                              compartment together and
                              rotate the door down.

                       Insert battery, and attach the yellow
                       connectors. To close, squeeze the door,
                       and rotate up until it clicks into place,
                       ensuring that the battery cables do not
                       interfere with the LED cables.

Keep IRIS still and    Place IRIS at the launch point
level while it powers  with the black arms facing
on and initializes     towards you and the blue arms
the sensors.           facing away from you.

                       Connect the radio to your ground station, and select Connect.

                       A ground station (recommended) lets you view live data in
                       flight and unlock IRIS' advanced autonomous features.
                       To download a ground station app for you laptop or
                       Android device, visit 3DR.com/iris/info.

                                                                                      15
4 Press safety
      button.

                Press the safety button         Do not handle IRIS while the
                until it is solid red.          safety button is solid red and
                IRIS is now live.               IRIS is live. Always press the
                                                button until it displays blinking
                Stand back!                     red before approaching
                                                the propellers.

    Motors inactive, safe to handle             Motors active, deactivate before
                                                handling

5 Check LED.

                Check the LED to view the status of IRIS. Wait
                to proceed until you see the blinking green light
                indicating that IRIS has acquired GPS lock.

    Initializing, please wait.                GPS lock requires a clear view of the
                                              sky. IRIS may take a few minutes to
    Acquiring GPS, please wait.               acquire GPS lock depending on your
                                              flying location. Always fly in an open
    Autopilot ready, GPS locked               area to improve GPS signal strength,
                                              and review the GPS failsafe
    Pre-arm safety check failure. Connect     information on page 7.
    to a ground station and see the trouble-
    shooting guide at 3DR.com/iris/info.

6 Arm motors.

                To activate the motors,         IRIS will spin its propellers
                hold the left stick down-right  when armed. Ensure that the
                until the motors spin.          launch point is clear of
                                                obstructions before arming.
                Now you're ready for takeoff!   Always disarm the motors
                                                before approaching IRIS.

16
            FlightLeft Stick

                                          Take off and gain altitude by
                                          raising the left stick slightly
                                          above center.

                                          Set the left stick to            Rotate counter-
                                          center to maintain               clockwise and
                                          the current altitude.            clockwise by
                                                                           moving the left
            Left Stick                                                     stick left and right.

Left Stick                    Left Stick

                                                                 Fly forward, backward, left, or right
                                                                 by moving the right stick in the
                                                                 dLierfet Sctictkion you want to fly.

                                          Release the right                Lower the left
                                          stick to level IRIS.             stick below center
                                                                           to descend.

            Left Stick

                                          Set the left stick fully         ! IRIS is a powerful and agile
                                          down to land once IRIS               flier. Move the sticks in small
                                          is a few inches above                increments until you feel
                                          the ground.                          comfortable with how IRIS
                                                                               responds to controls.

                                                                                                                17
Postflight               2 Press safety
                                                button.
1 Disarm
     motors.    After landing, hold
                the left stick down-
                left until the motors                    Press the safety
                stop spinning.                           button until it
                                                         displays blinking
                                                         red to make IRIS
                                                         safe to handle.

3 Disconnect    4 Power off
      battery.        controller.

                                   Your first flight is now complete!

                                   Follow the steps shown here and
                                   on the Flight Checklist every time
                                   you fly.

   Tips for New Fliers: Practice these exercises to help you master flight controls.

   Skill 1: Hover
   Your first step is to maintain a consistent altitude while keeping IRIS oriented so
   the black arms face towards you and the blue arms face away from you. Practice
   taking off, rising to a comfortable hovering altitude, and keeping IRIS in place
   without allowing for any changes in orientation or position. If IRIS drifts forward,
   backward, left, or right, or rotates clockwise or counterclockwise, use the
   corresponding stick controls to correct.

   Skill 2: Box
   When you feel comfortable with your ability to maintain a consistent hovering
   altitude, try flying a box pattern. To practice this, take off, reach your hovering
   altitude, then fly forward, right, backward, and left by making small adjustments
   to the right stick. Make sure to fly the box in front of you and not around you.
   Use the left stick to rotate IRIS so the black arms face towards you and blue arms
   face away from you for the duration of the exercise.

   Skill 3: Figure Eight
   When you can confidently navigate a box while maintaining altitude and
   orientation, try flying a figure-eight pattern. Once again, make sure to fly the figure
   eight in front of you and not around you. Use the right stick to create a smooth
   flight path while using the left stick to correct orientation and maintain altitude.

18
Planning Missions

To plan a mission, download a ground station application from
3dr.com/iris/info, and install onto your laptop or Android device.

DroidPlanner 2 for Android                      Mission Planner for Windows
                                                APM Planner for OS X

1 Power IRIS, connect the radio to your laptop  Connect the USB adapter to the
     or Android device, and select Connect.     radio and your laptop. Select
                                                AUTO, 57600, and Connect.
           Connect the blue end of the
           Android adapter to your device
           and the black end to the radio.
           Select Connect.

2 Configure waypoints.                          Select Flight Plan, and click to
                                                add waypoints. Select the green
           Select Edit and tap to add           arrows at the bottom of the
           waypoints, or select the brush       screen to configure altitude and
           tool and draw a path for IRIS        change waypoint types.
           to follow.

3 Save the mission to IRIS.                     Select Write WPs.

           Select the option menu in
           the top-right corner, and
           select Send Mission.

When flying missions, we recommend changing the GPS
failsafe behavior to set IRIS to land in the event of a loss of
GPS signal. For instructions, visit 3dr.com/iris/info.

                                                                                  19
          Flying Missions                       2 Arm IRIS
                                                      in standard.
                     Loiter
                                                                            When you're ready
          1 Perform a pre-mission                                           to start the mission,
               test flight.                                                 arm IRIS in standard
                                                                            (STD).Left Stick
             Fly a brief test flight to verify
             that all controls (throttle, yaw,
             roll, and pitch) are responding
             normaAllltyit.ude Hold

          3 Switch to
                AUSTtOa.balize

Lladunch                        If you planned a takeoff waypoint into      For auto-takeoff,
omy                             your mission, switch to AUTO on the         raise throttle to
omy                             ground, and raise the throttle to initiate  start mission.
Lladunch                        the mission. If you did not add a takeoff
                                waypoint, switch to AUTO mode after
                                takeoff to initiate the mission in flight.

                                To recall IRIS during a mission,    To avoid sudden changes
                                use the controller to switch        in altitude when switching
                                to standard (STD) and land          from auto to standard (STD),
                                manually. Or switch to RTL,         ensure that the left stick is
                                and automatically return to         set to the center position.
                                the launch point.

          4 Switch to standard
                before disarming.
                                       When the mission is complete and IRIS has landed,
                                       use the controller to switch to standard (STD) then
                                       disarm and proceed with the postflight steps.

                                       If you added an automatic landing waypoint to your
                                       mission, IRIS will disarm automatically after landing.

          20
Specifications

Autopilot:             Pixhawk v2.4.5
Firmware:              ArduCopter 3.2
GPS:                   3DR uBlox GPS with Compass (LEA-6H module, 5 Hz update)
Telemetry radio:       3DR Radio Telemetry v2 (915 mHz or 433 mHz)
Motors:                920 kV
Frame type:            V
Propellers:            9.5 x 4.5 T-Motor multirotor self-tightening counterclockwise (2)
                       9.5 x 4.5 T-Motor multirotor self-tightening clockwise (2)
           

Battery:               3S 5.1 Ah 8C lithium polymer
Low battery voltage:   10.5 V
Maximum voltage:       12.6 V
Battery cell limit:    3S

IRIS is compatible with 3S lithium polymer batteries only.
Using a 4S battery can cause permanent damage to the gimbal electronics and will void
the warranty.

Payload capacity:      400 g (.8 lbs)
Radio range:           up to 1 km (.6 miles)
Flight time:           16-22 minutes, depending on payload

Resources

Hardware:              3dr.com/iris/info

Firmware:copter.ardupilot.com

Software:              planner.ardupilot.com and planner2.ardupilot.com

3DR Store:             store.3dr.com

Community:diydrones.com

Happy flying!

                                                                         21
Learn More

Visit 3dr.com/iris/info to learn about:
»» 3PVTM Follow Me and DroidPlanner
»» Opening the shell
»» Replacing the arms and motors
»» Installing software
»» Planning a mission
»» Updating firmware
»» LED meanings and tones

Visit copter.ardupilot.com to learn about:
»» Additional flight modes
»» Configuring parameters, including yaw behavior during

     autonomous flight, descent speed during RTL, and more

Visit planner.ardupilot.com (Mission Planner) and
planner2.ardupilot.com (APM Planner) to learn about:
»» Planning a mission with waypoints and events
»» Using a ground station to command IRIS in flight
»» Downloading and analyzing flight logs

Join the community and share your experience at
diydrones.com.

Follow us on Facebook and Twitter @3drobotics.

Support

For customer support, contact us at help@3dr.com
or call our support line at +1 (858) 225-1414
Monday through Friday, from 8 am to 5 pm, PST.

Iris+ Operation Manual vE | ©3D Robotics, Inc. | 29 October 2014
          Unmanned Photography
                  Appendix B

FlySky ER9X Controller Operation Manual
1
Disclaimer..................................................................................................................................................3
Introduction................................................................................................................................................4

   How it works.........................................................................................................................................5
   Nomenclature........................................................................................................................................6
   Edit buttons............................................................................................................................................7
   Navigation.............................................................................................................................................7
   Editing and Saving................................................................................................................................8
Main Screen...............................................................................................................................................9
   General view..........................................................................................................................................9
   Statistics Screens Statistics Screens....................................................................................................10
General Settings.......................................................................................................................................11
   Basic Setup (1/7).................................................................................................................................12
   Setup Options (2/7).............................................................................................................................13
   PPM In (3/7)........................................................................................................................................14
   Version Info (4/7)................................................................................................................................14
   Diagnostics (5/7).................................................................................................................................15
   Analog Inputs (6/7).............................................................................................................................15
   Calibration (7/7)..................................................................................................................................16
Model Setup.............................................................................................................................................17
   Model Select (1/8)...............................................................................................................................18
   Model Setup (2/8)................................................................................................................................19
   Expo/Dr (3/8)......................................................................................................................................21

       Triple Dr Example..........................................................................................................................21
   Mixer (4/8)..........................................................................................................................................22

       Main Screen....................................................................................................................................22
       Edit Mix..........................................................................................................................................23
   Limits (5/8)..........................................................................................................................................25
   Curves (6/8).........................................................................................................................................26
   Custom Switches (7/8)........................................................................................................................27
   Templates (8/8)....................................................................................................................................28
Examples..................................................................................................................................................29
   Programming a throttle cut..................................................................................................................29
MORE......................................................................................................................................................31

                                                              2
3
The IMAX/FLYSKY/TURNIGY/EURGLE 9x is a computerized radio from china. The transmitter is
outfitted with a 128x64 pixel monochrome LCD, 2-2axis gimbals, 3 variable potentiometers (pots), 6
2-position switches, 1 3-position switch and some funky red trim.
The big thing about this transmitter is the price. At the time of writing radios may cost anywhere from
$180 for simple units up to $1000+ for super blinged out bazillion channel super heavyweight
monsters.
This one costs $60.
Where's the catch then? (you ask) The catch is in the software (firmware - FW). The original FW is
less-than-perfect. It has bugs, funky navigation and the most annoying beeping I have ever heard. Not
good.
However, some neat guy called Thus figured out that the whole radio is made from gimbals, switches,
funky trim and a very generic main processing unit that does absolutely everything. He had one of
those ah-ha moments where insanity overrides common-sense and decided to completely rewrite the
original software and replace it with his own.
At some point I decided that while Thus' FW is great I really wanted more bling for my TX. So in the
spirit of open-source Thus' source was stolen and ER9x was born. (Yah, I was vain. ER are my
initials)
You might want to check out Thus' code ­ it's available here: http://code.google.com/p/th9x/
While you're at it check out RadioClone's code ­ which also runs on the 9x. While ER9x is based on
Thus' code, I have managed to pilfer some of RC's excellent code. His FW is more complex but also
more powerful. Check it out here: http://radioclone.org/
Got you all worked up about this? Good. Go now to the kitchen, make yourself a nice cup of coffee.
This is a long read. I'll wait here till you're ready. Promise!

                                                              4
Bear with me here ­ some flow charts coming up:

   Pots                Sticks                    Trims  Switches
(P1,P2,P3)   (RUD,THR,ELE,AIL)

Calibration  Calibration
             Expo / Dr

                           MIXER
                          Limits
                          Output

                              5
What the heck was that?
The system receives 4 types of imputs:

    1. Main Sticks
    2. Potentiometers
    3. Trims
    4. Switches

The analog inputs (sticks and pots) go through a calibration phase. The sticks can also go through
Expo and Dr filters before going to the mixer.

The mixer does it all. It directs each input to the desired output (CH1..CH16). It controls how the
inputs are added. It also controls the timing of each function.

After the inputs are processed by the mixer they are directed to the relevant output channels. The limit
procedure takes over and makes sure no output goes too far.

Finally the channels are encoded and sent to the RF module to take that nice little hike through the air
to your model.

(just so we understand each other)

Inputs:
    1. RUD ­ Rudder.
    2. ELE ­ Elevator.
    3. THR ­ Throttle.
    4. AIL ­ Aileron.
    5. P1/P2/P3 ­ Pots.
    6. Switches:
         1. THR ­ Throttle cut switch, don't confuse this with the THR stick. The THR switch is
             located on the back left side.
         2. RUD ­ Rudder Dr switch.
         3. ELE ­ Elevator Dr switch.
         4. ID0, ID1, ID3 ­ Three position switch. These 3 define the 3-position switch. ID0 is the top
             position, ID1 ­ mid position and ID2 ­ bottom position.
         5. AIL ­ Aileron Dr switch.
         6. GEA ­ Gear switch.
         7. TRN ­ Trainer switch. This switch is spring loaded.
         8. SW1..SW6 ­ Custom switches. More on these later.

It should be stated that every function in this FW is assignable. There are no fixed switches. You can
choose the TRN switch to be throttle cut and use the triple switch to control Dr. The names are useful
since they are labeled like that on the Tx.

                                                              6
There are 6 edit buttons on the Tx. In this manual they are noted with square brackets ([MENU]).
Some functions need the button to be pressed and held for a second or so. The are noted as "long"
presses like so: [MENU LONG]
Also since the "+" and "-" keys are placed stupidly in the original Tx I've switched their position. So
[+] is actually [-] and vice-versa. This is actually more intuitive than the original (trust me, I've tried
using them as is).
Since to upload this FW you need to open up your Tx and do some modifications (which void your
non-existent warranty FYI) it is highly recommended you switch between the [+] and [-] keys. It's a
simple job, so don't skimp, you'll thank me later.
To avoid confusion with people who modded their keys and all the others I'll refer to the [+] and [-]
keys as [LEFT] and [RIGHT] from now on. (I hope that left and right are still universal values ­ you
can never tell today)
The "!" sign. Whenever you see the "!" sign you can read that as "not" or "inverted". Switches can be
"normal" or "inverted". So when choosing the elevator d/r switch ELE is normal operation and !ELE
denotes inverted operation.

As a general rule the [UP]/[DOWN]/[LEFT]/[RIGHT] move the cursor appropriately The [MENU] key
is used for selection and for editing. The [EXIT] key is used for exiting (surprise). Pressing [EXIT]
will generally bring the cursor to the top of the screen. Another press will exit the menu to the main
screen. Pressing [EXIT LONG] will exit immediately to the main screen.
Pressing [MENU] from the main screen will take you back to the last menu.
From the main screen you can press [RIGHT LONG] to enter the model setup pages. Pressing [LEFT
LONG] will enter the general setup menus.
Once in the menus you can navigate between different screens using the [LEFT]/[RIGHT] keys as long
as the cursor is at the top right position of the screen.

                                                              7
As a rule once a value is changed it is saved. You can turn off your Tx and turn it back on and the
values will be saved. The values are saved internally in the MCU's eeprom. However there is a slight
delay sometimes so it's probably a good idea to wait a couple of seconds before turning off.
There is no undo functionality. Once something is erased/changed it's changed for good.
Generally, when a value is highlighted and you cannot move left or right then pressing [LEFT]/
[RIGHT] will change that value.
When moving left or right is possible you need to press [MENU] to edit that value. Edit-mode is
displayed by the cursor blinking. To exit edit-mode press either [MENU] or [EXIT].

                                                              8
(Cool back light here, huh?)

The main view is split into top and bottom. The top contains the following:
         The current model's name. (goofi in this case and yes, it's a real airplane)
         The battery voltage.
         Trim increment information.
         Timer and timer trigger information. Pressing [EXIT LONG] resets the timer.
         Throttle trim activation information.

The bottom consists of three screens. You can flip between these with the [UP]/[DOWN] keys.
The 3 screens are:

         Value bars ­ these show the output values for the first 8 channels.
         Value values ­ The output values for the first 8 channels.
         Input values ­ Stick position and switch indicators.

                                                              9
From the main screen pressing [UP LONG]/[DOWN LONG] will enter the statistics screen.
The first shows some available timers and traces the throttle stick as well.
The second shows general timing of the Tx. The value "tmain" shows how long the math takes. This
will increase as you add more mixers. It can be very large sometimes depending on eeprom writes.
You can reset the timers by pressing [MENU].

                                                             10
From the main screen pressing [LEFT LONG] will enter the general settings menus. Here you can set
up settings that will be the same regardless of chosen model.
The menus are as follows:

    1. Basic Setup
    2. Setup Options
    3. PPM In Calibration
    4. Version Information
    5. Diagnostics
    6. Analog Inputs
    7. Calibration

                                                             11
Use this screen to set up general functions for the Tx:
    1. Contrast: The LCD's contrast. The values can be 20..45.
         The higher the value the darker the screen.
    2. BAT Warning: Battery voltage warning. When the connected battery's voltage drops below this
         voltage the Tx will beep. Though the Tx will continue to function normally it's really advisable
         to land as it is known that this FW was not able to fix the "zero voltage non-functionality"
         problem of the original.
    3. Inactivity Alrm: This will set up a warning that will beep if the Tx is left unattended for the
         specified amount of time.
         Values can be from 1 to 250 minutes. To reset the timer simply move one of the sticks.
    4. Filter ADC:
         i. SING: Single conversion. This is the fastest conversion but base resolution is 1024.
         ii. OSMP: Oversampling. This uses extra samples to increase resolution to 2048. Just slightly
             slower than SING.
         iii. FILT: Filtered. This is in case you have excessive noise from the conversion (servo jitters).
             This will filter the input and prevent that noise. It will, however, increase latency by
             ~30msec.
    5. Throttle Rev: This is for all you wacky people who fly with the throttle backwards (e.i. idle is
         far from you and full is close to you). Though I personally don't understand how you fly like
         that it's a nice feature.
         The reverse will also reverse the throttle warning on startup and some other throttle related
         functions.
    6. Light: This chooses a switch which can be used to turn on a backlight if connected.
    7. Mode: Choose between MODE1, MODE2, MODE3 and MODE4.

                                                             12
Startup warnings here:
         THR Warning: If ON will show a warning when throttle is not at idle when the Tx is turned on.
         The Tx will not output a signal until the alert is cleared.
         SW Warning: If ON will show a warning when the switches are not at the default position when
         the Tx is turned on. The Tx will not output a signal until the alert is cleared.
         MEM Warning: If ON will show a warning when the available eeprom memory is less than 200
         bytes when the Tx is turned on. The Tx will not output a signal until the alert is cleared.
         Beeper: Sets Beeping levels
                  I. 0 ­ Quiet. No beeping at all. No warning ­ nada. If the kids are sleeping and you
                      must setup the model in your living room this is the mode to use. Just remember
                      that the Tx will not even warn you when the battery is low. If you're using a Lipo
                      watch out!
                  II. 1 ­ No keys. The beeps are normal but edit keys are silent.
                  III. 2 ­ Normal. Normal beeping.
                  IV. 3 ­ Extra long beeps. For those who want to annoy other people.

                                                             13
This menu allows you to calibrate the mid point for the input PPM channels.
Highlighting "Cal" and pressing [MENU] will calibrate the mid point for all PPM IN channels.
PPM IN is read from the signal at the trainer port of the Tx.

This screen shows the version information for the current FW:
SVN: The SVN name of the current revision.
DATE: Compile date for the current FW.
TIME: Compile time for current FW.
VERS: Version number.
Since ER9x is OPEN SOURCE I try to help out anyone who has problems. Please feel free to open
new issues for defects and/or enhancement requests at the project's code page:
http://code.google.com/p/er9x/issues/list
Your participation is what helps me makes the FW better. Please use the revision number stated in this
screen when you state a problem.

                                                             14
This menu will help you visualize the current state of the trims, keys and physical switches.
Each Key/Switch/Trim is represented. When pressing a key or switch they are highlighted.

Here you can see the analog inputs in hexadecimal format to save space and annoy you at the same
time.
Values range between 0..0x3FF (0..1023).
A1..A4 are the gimbals (sticks).
A5..A7 are the pots.
A8 is battery voltage. You can press [DOWN] and highlight the battery voltage. Pressing [LEFT]/
[RIGHT] will increase and decrease the value and so enable you to calibrate the battery voltage
monitor.

                                                             15
This screen allows you to calibrate the analog channels (A1..A7).
The calibration method goes like this:

    1. Press [DOWN]  (SetMid)
    2. Set Sticks to center. (Including throttle)
    3. Press [DOWN]  (SetSpan)
    4. Move sticks and pots through full range.
    5. Press [DOWN]  (Done) ­ Values are saved here.
    6. Press [DOWN] (Back to top)
The values are calculated when you press [DOWN].
They are saved when you press [DOWN] to (Done).
(Works surprisingly well for a cheap Chinese Tx)

                                                             16
From the main screen pressing [LEFT RIGHT] will enter the model select/settings menus. Here you
can set up settings that model specific.
The menus are as follows:

    1. Model Select
    2. Model Setup
    3. Expo/Dr
    4. Mixer (This is the important one)
    5. Limits
    6. Curves
    7. Custom Switches
    8. Templates

                                                             17
In this screen you can see, select, copy and move models between different memory "slots". I quote
the word "slots" because memory management is dynamic. The available memory is displayed at the
top of the screen.
Memory usage for each model is displayed on the right. The more complex your model
(mixes/curves/options/limits/etc) the more memory it'll take.
The "*" on the left shows the currently loaded model memory.
Pressing [UP]/[DOWN] will move the cursor between different models.
Pressing [MENU] will highlight the model. Pressing [UP]/[DOWN] with the model highlighted will
move it up/down. Pressing [MENU] again will copy the model memory. Pressing [EXIT] will only
move it.
Pressing [EXIT] will load the highlighted model.
Pressing [EXIT LONG] will load and exit to the main screen.
Pressing [MENU LONG] or [RIGHT LONG] will load the model and go to the next screen (Model
Setup).

                                                             18
Lots of options here:
    1. Name: Unsurprisingly here you edit the model's name. To edit: scroll down until the name is
         highlighted and press [MENU].
         Once your press [MENU] only one letter will remain highlighted. To change the letter you
         press [UP]/[DOWN]. To move the cursor press [RIGHT]/[LEFT].
         Once done, press [MENU]/[EXIT] to exit the edit.
    2. Timer: Here you set the value for the timer.
         Press [RIGHT]/[LEFT] to choose between minutes and seconds.
         Press [MENU] and the cursor will blink. To edit use the [UP]/[DOWN]/[RIGHT]/[LEFT]
         buttons and [MENU]/[EXIT] when done.
    3. Trigger: Choose what triggers the timer  (remember ­ by pressing [LEFT] you'll see the
         same values with the "!" sign. This means that the usage is inverted)
         1. OFF ­ timer is off.
         2. ABS ­ timer is on.
         3. RUs/RU%/ELs/EL%/THs/TH%/ALs/AL% - chooses to activate the timer based on stick
             position. When a XXs is selected (THs for example) The timer starts whenever the stick is
             not at zero.
             The XX% sign is the same except the timer speed is determined by stick position. When at
             zero, the timer is stopped. When at full the timer goes at normal speed. When midway the
             timer's speed reflects the sticks position.
         4. Switches ­ You can specify a switch so whenever that switch is activated the timer counts.
         5. Momentary switches. A switch denoted with "m" (like TRNm) means "momentary". That
             means that moving the switch once to the on position and back turns the timer on. Moving
             it on and off again turns the timer off. (difficult I know, take a sip from your coffee, relax a
             bit, take a break ­ it's not difficult once you try it out :) )
    4. Timer: Here you can choose whether the timer counts up or down.
    5. T-Trim: Throttle trim. This is a nifty feature for power fliers. When activated a couple of
         things happen. First off the center detent for the throttle trim is removed. Also the throttle's
         trim will now only affect the "low" side. That means you can use the trim for setting idle while
         full throttle remains unchanged.
    6. T-Expo: 'nother throttle related function. This one makes the throttle stick's expo go from zero
         to full instead of having a center like all the others. Always the odd kid out this throttle is.
    7. Trim Inc: Trim increments:

                                                             19
    1. Exp ­ Exponential. With this the trims are fine near the center and get progressively coarser
         farther out.

    2. ExFine ­ Extra fine ­ 1 step per click.
    3. Fine ­ 2 steps per click.
    4. Medium (my personal favorite) ­ 4 steps per click.
    5. Coarse ­ 8 steps per click.
8. Trim Sw: Neat little function this is. When in flight if this key is activated it reads the current
    position of the sticks and trims and copies that into the subtrims. After that it zeros the trims.
    This is really neat for new models when you might have a hard time taking your hands off the
    stick and pressing the trims. Simply hold the plane level with the sticks and press the selected
    trim switch. Voilà ­ the plane is trimmed. It's magic! No it ain't. It's ER9x!!!
9. Proto: encoding protocol
    1. PPM ­ with ppm you can choose how many channels to encode. Anything from 4 to 16

         channels. You can also change the pulse spacing. This is useful for systems which might
         experience jitter. On the whole it might be a good idea to leave it alone.
    2. Other protocols include Silver A/B/C and TRAC09.
    3. TRIM->subTRIM [MENU]: Pressing [MENU LONG] here will copy the trims to the
         subtrims and zero them.
    4. DELETE MODEL [MENU]: Guess....
         This deletes the current model. You need to press [MENU LONG] for that to happen
         though.

                                                        20
This screen allows you to enter and edit Expo and D/R values for the main controls
(RUD/ELE/THR/AIL).

For each control you can input values for Left/Right for both Expo and D/R. To edit expo values
highlight the value in the "expo" column and press [MENU]. Once the cursor blinks you can use the
[UP]/[DOWN]/[LEFT]/[RIGHT] buttons to change the value. Notice that while there is a telltale that
shows you which side of travel you are adjusting:

         "-": This means both left and right values are equal. Pressing [UP]/[DOWN]/[LEFT]/[RIGHT]
         will change values simultaneously.
         "", "" : When moving the stick you can see either of these symbols. When this symbol is
         visible you are only changing that side of travel.

For each control you can set 2 switches. The main switch changes between high rate/high expo and
mid rate. If the main switch is "low" (e.i. mid rate) the second switch can switch between mid and low
rate.
At the end of each line there's a telltale that shows you which rate you are on:

         H: High.
         M: Medium.
         L: Low.

Pressing [MENU LONG] while the cursor is on a control will take you to the Edit Expo/Dr screen. In
this screen you can adjust the values for that single control. You will also see a graph indicating the
action of that control. Press [EXIT] to return to the main Expo/Dr screen.

The "F.Mode" switch can be used as a triple rate switch for any one axis, or it can be used as a triple
rate flight mode switch, controlling rates and expos for some or all of the flight axes at once. To use it
as a triple rate/flight mode switch, set sw1 to "!ID2" and sw2 to "!ID1" If you want rudder, elevator,
and aileron all assigned to this switch for flight modes, be sure to set sw1 and sw2 as above for each
axis. With the switch in the up position, it will be at low rate, as indicated by the "L" at the end of the
line. In the mid position, it will be mid rate, and at the down position, it will be at high rate. You can
also include throttle if you'd like, to have different expo curves for each of the flight modes.

                                                             21
I'm actually writing this last since it's the most important menu. If you're still awake now would be a
good time to sip that coffee and wake up. You want to understand ER9x? Understand the mixer and
you're very nearly there.
The function of the mixer is to take the inputs, perform some function on them and rout them to the
output channels. Since selection is totally free you have a very flexible system which is extremely
powerful and very quick to boot.

When you enter the screen for the first time you'll probably see a list like so:

What this is telling you is that the rudder stick's input is being routed with a weight of 100% to CH1.
Same for the elevator, throttle and aileron. Though not visible now you can also see the switch column
which will tell you if a switch is assigned to the mix and also a crv (curve) column which tells you
what curve is applied to that mix.
When you scroll down you'll see that sometimes the weight is being highlighted and sometimes the
channel's number is underlined. When the weight is highlighted, pressing [LEFT]/[RIGHT] will edit
that value and pressing [MENU LONG] will enter the Edit Mix screen and allow you to edit that mix.
When the channel's number is underlined, pressing [MENU LONG] will insert a new mix for that
channel and take you to the edit mix screen for it.
You can also press [MENU]. This will highlight the mix. Then you can press [UP]/[DOWN] to move
or copy the mix. Notice that moving or copying is decided by whether you press up or down on the
first press after highlighting the mix. If you first try to move it down it will be copied. Subsequent
presses of [UP]/[DOWN] will move the copy up or down until you press [MENU] or [EXIT].
Pressing [UP] will move the mix without copying it. Again, subsequent presses of [UP]/[DOWN] will
move the copy up or down until you press [MENU] or [EXIT].

                                                             22
In this screen you edit individual mixes.

Here are the available options for each mix:

    1. Source: This is the input for the mix. It can be the following:

         i. Stick or pot: Self explanatory.

         ii. MAX: The output is either 0 or the value describes in "weight". This is controlled by the
             switch.

         iii. FULL: Same as MAX but the value is "-weight" if the switch is off or "weight" if the
             switch is on.
             MAX and FULL can be a little confusing. Look in the examples section for, well, examples
             :).

         iv. PPM1..PPM8: PPM input channels. These are fed by the ppm input or "trainer port". You
             can use these to configure a buddy system or to simply extend your radio with more
             functions (like head tracking for you FPV guys).

         v. CH1..CH16: These are the outputs of the other mixes. You can use these to chain mixes for
             very complex behavior.

    2. Weight: This value multiplies the value from the input. It can be -125% to 125%.

    3. Offset: This value is added to the value from the input. It can be -125% to 125%.

    4. Trim: When this is "ON" the trim value (if exists) will be carried on through the mix. When
         "OFF" it is ignored.

    5. Curves:

         i. x>0: The value of the source is carried through only if it is positive (greater than zero).
             Otherwise it is zero.

         ii. x<0: Same but for negative values.

         iii. |x|: The value is passed as an absolute value.

         iv. f>0: If source is positive then the output value is "+weight" otherwise it is 0.

         v. f<0: If source is negative then the output value is "-weight" otherwise it is 0.

                                                             23
    vi. |f|: Output is either "+weight" or "-weight" depending on the sign of the source.
    vii. c1..c16: custom curves. These are defined in the "CURVES (6/8)" screen. You can also

         press [MENU] to edit the curve directly.
6. Switch: Here you select the switch that operates the mix. If the switch is not selected then the

    mix is on by default.
7. Warning: Here you can select an audible warning that will sound whenever a mix is active.

    (This will only work when a switch is defined). You have an option of 1, 2 or 3 beeps. The
    warnings will sound in succession so you can hear them individually.
8. Multpx: This value defines how the mix will be added to the channel.
    i. Add: This is the default value. With this value the mix is added to the previous values in the

         same channel.
    ii. Multiply: Use this to multiply the previous values in the same channel.
    iii. Replace: This value is used in conjunction with a switch. When the switch is off the value

         is ignored. When the switch is on the value discards the previous values and places it's own
         value in the channel.
9. Delay Down/Up: Use this to delay use of this channel. Usually used with a switch. When the
    switch is turned "ON" or "OFF" the mixer will wait the specified number of seconds before
    changing the value.
10. Slow Down/Up: Slow the rate of change in the channel. When not zero these will determine the
    maximum speed with which the value can change. The specified value is the number of
    seconds to go between -100% to 100%.
11. DELETE MIX [MENU]: Pressing [MENU LONG] here will delete the mix and return to the
    main mix screen.

                                                        24
This is probably the second most important menu.
The limits operate on the output channels (as you can see from the flow chart in the introduction). In
the LIMITS menu you can set the center point (subtrim), limits (both left and right) and reverse the
channel's output (inv ­ invert).

Each channel here corresponds to a channel in your receiver. The limits you set will be used on that
channel only.

Columns:
    1. subT: SubTrim. This sets the channel's center point. Please notice that the position of the limits
         is based on the center point. When subT changes their absolute position moves with it.
         HINT: The values of subT can be -100 to 100 with increments of 0.1. This is done so to have
         excellent resolution when setting the center of each surface. You can use your stick to set the
         center point as well. While the subT is highlighted hold the stick so that the surface is
         centered. Press [MENU LONG] and the position will be recorded! It's the magic of ER9x
         again :).
    2. Min/Max: These set the endpoints of the channel. Notice that there's a telltale that hints as to
         which side is active at the moment. Each limit point can range between -125% to 125%.
         The limits act both as gains and as absolute limits. The servo will not go beyind the limits you
         set here.
    3. inv: Invert. This function reverses the output of the channel.

                                                             25
Surprisingly in this menu you set your custom curves. Curves are nifty things that can tell your servo
how to move when you move your stick. In ER9x there are 8 5point curves and 8 9pointt curves.
A 5pt curve is a curve you can edit at position -100%, -50%, 0%, 50%, 100%.
A 9pt curve is a curve you can edit at position -100%, -75%, -50%, -25%, 0%, 25%, 50%, 75%, 100%.
When you enter the menu you see a long list of zeros. Scroll down to the curve you wish to modify
and press [MENU]. This will bring up the screen for editing the curve. Depending on whether you
chose a 5pt or a 9pt curve you will see 5 or 9 editable points. Scroll through the points with [UP]/
[DOWN]. Change the value with [LEFT]/[RIGHT].
At the bottom you will see a "preset" entry. Pressing [LEFT]/[RIGHT] on that will populate the values
with a linear curve that is a good starting point.

                                                             26
I really like this feature.
Custom switches are not really switches at all but rather a set of logical conditions that can be used as
switches.

You might have noticed that beyond the physical switches there are 6 switches called SW1..SW6.
These correspond to the list you see in this screen. Once the condition defined for the switch is met it's
value will be "ON".

    1. To define a custom switch you need to define a source. This can be a stick, a pot, a PPM input
         or an output channel.

    2. Next we define an offset. This can be anywhere between -100 and 100. This will be the test
         point for the condition.

    3. Lastly we define the condition. This can be v>offset, v<offset, |v|>offset and |v|<offset.
         The offset is the value we set in step 2 and "v" is the value of the source we set in step 1.

Example:
Say you have a glow plug driver which you want to turn on when the throttle is below 10%:

    1. Highlight SW1
    2. Select the source as THR.
    3. Select the offset as -80 (remember -100 ­ 100 so 10% from idle is -80).
    4. Select the condition as v<ofs.

Now you need to use a mix to run the switch. Go to the mixer menu. Select the CH8 as the channel
you want the GP driver to operate on. On that channel select source as "MAX" and Switch as "SW1".
Now whenever the throttle goes below 10%, CH8 will go to 100%. Cool, huh?

                                                             27
The templates are there to help you get started. When entering the screen you'll see a list of available
templates. To choose a template, scroll down to it and press [MEU LONG]. This will the
template to the existing mixes.
At the bottom you'll see an option called "CLEAR MIXES [MENU]". Pressing [MENU LONG] on
this will clear all the mixes leaving you with a clean slate.

                                                             28
29
30
31
    Unmanned Photography
            Appendix C

Standard Operating Procedures
UNMANNED PHOTOGRAPHY

STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES

PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

Safety for the public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential consideration for aerial
photography, surveying and mapping. As such, safety protocol and control must be implemented through
pre-flight preparation and during aerial operation.

ENVIRONMENTAL:
 Check weather forecasts for wind advisory or other conditions that may impact flight
 Notify any bystanders or nearby property owner of your intentions.
 Consult five (5) mile radius map for airport vicinity

            · Contact respective airport to advices of estimated flight time, estimate flight duration,
               estimated elevation of flight, and any other pertinent information

 Inspect flight area for:
            · Vicinity of public safety helipads/heliports
            · Vicinity of medical helipads/heliports
            · Vicinity of light poles
            · Vicinity of utility wires
            · Vicinity of trees
            · Flocks of birds that may cause interference and potential flight impact
            · Vicinity of any elevated obstructions that may pose potential flight hazard
            · Vicinity of roadway with moderate to heavy traffic that can be distracted
            · Public gathers that may attract viewers

 Takeoff and landing
            · Inspect area for best and safest point of takeoff and landing
            · If in a subdivision or area that is within 150 feet of a residential street, post warning
               sign(2)/stand(s) "Attention Aerial Photography/Surveying/Mapping In Progress ­ Remain
               Back 150 Feet"

 First Aid / Safety Kit on hand, stocked, readily accessible, and visible to anyone in the area

HARDWARE / EQUIPMENT:
VISUALLY INSPECT THE AIRFRAME
 Cracks (especially in high stress areas like joints)
 Loose or damaged screws / fasteners / bands / straps / ties
 Loose or damaged wiring
 Loose or damaged connections (solder, plugs, etc)
 Inspect prop mounts & screws & apply slight counter pressure on arms to check for loosened

  construction
 Inspect camera lens and ensure that cameras are secured
 Battery/batteries fully charged, properly seated & secured
 Remove props and test failsafe behavior (if applicable)
 Props are smooth and free of damage/defect (check blade, surface, & hub)
 Tighten prop adapters (careful not to over tighten which may damage prop)
 Ensure voltage alarm is connected
 Ensure arming/idle timeout is properly configured (615 seconds is generally acceptable)
 Check whether the right model is selected in the transmitter (if applicable)
 Check your RC transmitter shows the right range and centering for all sticks
 If desired, perform range test
UNMANNED PHOTOGRAPHY

STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES
PREFLIGHT:
POWER UP
 Batteries charged & secured
 Position UAV in a level, safe location for takeoff
 Power up ground station and video receiver
 Turn on camera
 All transmitter controls move freely in all directions
 All transmitter trims in its neutral position
 All transmitter switches in correct position (typically away)

 Transmitter throttle to zero
 Radio transmitter on
 Connect/power on battery to airframe
 Ensure led indicators & audible tones are all correct
 Timer on (if applicable)
 Scan for nearby people or animals
 Stand clear  audibly, loudly announce the word "CLEAR!"
 Arm flight controller

PRE TAKEOFF
 Increase throttle slightly listening for any abnormalities
 Short 2030 second hover at 35 feet

  (listen for any weird vibrations or anything that sounds loose)

FLIGHT:
 Takeoff and land from same location
 Remain alert to birds, sound or aircraft, curious public, and approaching vehicles
 Do not allow anyone to engage in conversation or distract the remote control pilot
 Restrict flight to minimal elevation sufficient to acquire desired results
 Remain prepared for emergency landing at all times

                             Pay attention to flight time and set a timer as a safety alert
 Land UAS and shut down propulsion immediately following landing

POST FLIGHT:
 Disconnect battery to prevent accidental activation of propulsion system
 Secure UAS in a safe location
 Remove all warning signs from public access areas

Emergency or Suspected Hazard:
 Immediate land UAS at safest and closet ground location in the event:

            · Manned aircraft is heard or seen in vicinity of flight
            · There is a public gathering within established safety boundary wanting to observe flight
            · Pilot is being distracted from focusing on flight and safety
            · Sudden change in weather (wind bursts)
            · Sudden increase in vehicular traffic in vicinity of flight
            · Birds enter into proximity of flight
            · Any sudden unsafe event that can cause collision, distraction or interruption of control
Unmanned Photography
        Appendix D
         Flight Log
UNMANNED PHOTOGRAPHY
FLIGHT LOG

                 Date:
            Location:

Pre-Flight Inspection:          Yes No

Elements                Circle   Circle        Comment
Weather                 Good      Fair
Visibility              Good      Fair
Wind Speed              Low     Medium

Proximity to Airport:

Airport Notified: Yes           No Date:                 Time:
 Phone Number:                            Contact Name:

            Nearest Major Intersection:

Proximity to Medium Traffic Road:

Proximity to Heavily Traveled Road:

                                Takeoff Time:
                                Landing Time:
                        Estimated Elevation:

Comments:

 Safety for the public on the ground as well as manned aircraft above is an essential consideration for
aerial photography, surveying and mapping. As such, safety protocol and control must be implemented

                           through pre-flight preparation and during aerial operation.
