April 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11287
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0950

Mr. Donald G. Bintz
President
Unmanned Systems, Inc.
2709 Cyrano Street
Henderson, NV 89044

Dear Mr. Bintz:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated October 7, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Unmanned Systems, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS)
commercially in motion picture and television operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.
                                                                                                2

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the multirotor G4 7.8 Skycrane, modified F­450
quadcopter by Flame Wheel, and Tarrot 900 hexacopter.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and closed set motion picture and

filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material

respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described

by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of

significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA

good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Systems, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection
                                                                                                                 3

and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Systems, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the multirotor G4 7.8
         Skycrane, modified F­450 quadcopter by Flame Wheel, and Tarrot 900 hexacopter
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                          6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
October 7, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
       2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FAA Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Unmanned Systems, Inc. ("USI") request exemptions from two
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR"), specifically portions of 14 C.F.R. Part §
45 and Part § 91 to allow commercial operations of its fleet of rotary aircraft. The fleet includes
a Multirotor G4 7.8 Skycrane unmanned aerial system ("Skycrane"), a modified F-450
quadcopter by Flame Wheel, and a Tarrot 900 hexacopter (all of these are referred to as
"rotorcraft" from here on) The operation of these aircraft will be used in the continental United
States ("CONUS") by individuals who, at a minimum, maintain an FAA private pilot certification
or FAA-recognized equivalents, and completed the manufacture's training plan for Skycrane
and the USI training plan for the others.

USI seeks an exemption for use of small unmanned aerial system ("sUAS") to support film and
television production in a tightly controlled and limited airspace. USI will utilize its currently
established standards for operations that have been approved by the FAA when it was issued
its experimental certification for Sandstorm and apply that to all other operations. USI will
continue with the recommended factory maintenance plan and the maintenance plan of the
authorized service contractor, Robotic Sky for Skycrane. As described in detail below, the
requested exemption would permit the operation of the sUAS under controlled conditions that
meet the requirements set in this document as well as Order 8900.1 CHG 0, Volume 3, Chapter
8-Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming (referred to as "the
Manual" from here on).

Granting USI's request comports with the Secretary of Transportation's ("FAA Administrator's")
responsibilities to not only integrate UASs into the national airspace system, but to " ... establish
requirements for the safe operation of such unmanned aircraft systems [UASs] in the national
airspace system" under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. Further, USI will conduct its
operations in compliance with the protocols described herein or as otherwise established by the
FAA. USI respectfully requests the grant of an exemption allowing it to operate the fleet of
sUAS.

The Skycrane is a rotary wing sUAS weighing 15lbs and is 1'8" tall with a 3'7" diameter. It can
fly up to 31 miles per hour and has a range of 0.6 miles with a maximum altitude of 1000 feet.
The flight time of the system is up to 15 minutes with a maximum payload of 8.27lbs. The
Skycrane has a GPS system that enables it to return to its launch position even when it has lost
link with the controller. The Skycrane also has the ability to station-keep and conduct a landing
at its current location if there are no control inputs and a loss of GPS.

The F-450 is a quadcopter sUAS that weighs under 10lbs and has been modified with longer
arms and retractable landing gear. The F-450 is equipped with a GPS system to allow for
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014

Page 2 of 9

position holding and a return to home feature if signal is loss. The total flight time when
equipped is 18 minutes and maximum 25 minutes.

The Tarrot 900 hexacopter is that has a fully integrated autopilot that is capable of waypoint
navigation, auto takoff, land, hover, and pictures at waypoints. The maximum flight time is 25
minutes and is capable of a maximum payload of 4 lbs.

These aircraft capabilities, along with USI's experience, make it ideally suited to conduct
commercial operations within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS"). Use of the sUAS reduces the need
to operate manned aircraft, decreasing the risk to the pilot, crew, and those on the ground as
the rotorcraft is carried to the site and not flown there with a load of flammable fuel.

As a result of the rotorcraft size, weight, maximum speed, operational capability, and safety
record; the distance at which it will operate from airports and populated areas; and its operation
using visual observers to provide deconfliction from other air traffic, the rotorcraft does not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public. Neither does it pose a threat to national
security. Therefore, the FAA should grant USI the requested exemptions. Alternatively, if the
FAA finds that modification of USI's application is required for safe operation of the rotorcraft in
the NAS, USI requests that the FAA delineate the required modifications and either process
USI's application as if the modifications were already made or allow USI to amend its application
to incorporate the FAA's findings.

The name and address of the applicant are:

Unmanned Systems, Inc.

Address: 2709 Cyrano St, Henderson, NV 89044

Attn: Don Bintz                    Attn: Bill Reynolds

Ph: (702) 324-9966                 Ph: (702) 606-7539

Fax: (702) 656-8782                Email:bill.reynolds@unmannedsystemsinc.com

Email: don.bintz@unmannedsystemsinc.com

USI's exemption request encompasses the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. § 21
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
14 C.F.R. § 91.409(a)(2)
14 C.F.R. § 91.417(a)

                    Section 333's Mandate and the Federal Aviation Act

Grant of this exemption application for use of the rotorcraft for film and television production,
pursuant to the exemption requested herein will advance the Congressional mandate in Section
333 of the FAA Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of UASs into the NAS. Section 333
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 3 of 9

directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in
the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA Reform
Act. To make that determination, the Secretary must evaluate which types of UASs do not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national security in light of
several criteria:

· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.

FAA Reform Act § 333(b)(1). Once the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate
safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. 49 U.S.C.
§ 44701(f). This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is
defined under §40101 of the Act, from the requirements that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate, 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a), and those used in commercial service must be
piloted by private and/or commercial pilots. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on (i) the clear direction in
Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act; (ii) additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as
amended; (iii) the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and (iv)
the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with
utilizing UASs for agriculture, aerial survey photography, and patrolling. Accordingly, USI
respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

                                          Airworthiness and Operations

USI proposes that the grant of the exemption be subject to the following mandatory conditions,
which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public entities
pursuant to Certificates of Waiver or Authorization, with additional restrictions:

         1. The Small UAS (sUAS) will weigh less than 55 lbs.
         2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.
         3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 45 minutes. Flights will be

              terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 45 minute
              limit.
         4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL or, not more than
              200 feet above an elevated platform from which filming is planned.
         5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, the Visual Observer,
              and the Camera Operator.
         6. sUAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and
              second class medical. The observer will hold at least a third class medical.
         7. sUAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC).
         8. The UAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the Manual.
              Section H, I and J of the Manual requires the establishment of a "Security Perimeter"
              for the flight operations area.
         9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each
              day's production activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 4 of 9

              performing duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this
              briefing.
         10. The operator will file an FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as modified in light of
              the requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight Standards District Office.
         11. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the filming and ensure
              that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation,
              and this radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety
              determination, as required by Section K of the Manual. With the advanced
              permission of the relevant FSDO, operations at closer range can be approved.
         12. The operator will submit a written Plan of Activities to the FSDO three days before
              the proposed shoot as required in Section K of the Manual.
         13. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS generally and received
              up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated as required Sections M
              and N of the Manual.
         14. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice and/or text.
         15. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
         16. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or
              city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate
              governmental agencies.
         17. If the sUAS loses communications it will have the capability to return to a pre-
              determined location within the Security Perimeter and land. If the sUAS loses signal
              from the GPS and from the pilot it will land at its current location once 25% battery
              life is reached.
         18. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or
              emergencies.

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section
333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of
these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than
a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor
passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively
within a secured area as set out in the Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, pursuant to the
Manual's requirements, and in compliance with local public safety requirements to provide
security for the area of operation. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations. These
safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with motion
picture and television production, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property
owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 5 of 9

C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is
no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS due to its size, speed of operation,
location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry
a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation requires:
         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is
         displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or
         provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each
         entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more
         than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or
         "provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAS marked on its fuselage as
required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer, and others working with the sUAS will see the
identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. To provide for the differences in knowledge
level the chief pilot for USI is a commercially rated pilot that will oversee all planned flight
operations and will approve all operating areas and operating plans. The risks associated with
the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that with the above oversight and plans will
achieve a level of safety commiserate with the current rules set forth by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a)
& (b).

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance and
use of safety check lists prior to each flight, as set forth in Sections J, L and Q, an equivalent
level of safety will be provided.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 6 of 9

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:
         No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...
         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
         Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination
         thereof.

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability to carry such a flight manual on the
aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to
carry such an item on the aircraft.

The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action.

This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to ensure the
safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in Sections
J and K of the Manual. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery
requirements, landing and takeoff distances, and aircraft performance data before initiation of
flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction.

Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.

sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. See Exemption Nos. 5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety is provided by the
fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of
the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, Section
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 7 of 9

As set forth herein, the rotorcraft will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. Because film
and television applications must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes, i.e., less than 500
feet AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is required.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the rotorcraft is built. Additionally, no flight will commence without the permission of the
land owner or the party controlling the operating area. With advance notice to the landowner, all
affected individuals will be aware of film or television production flights. Compared to similar
operations conducted with conventional aircraft or rotorcraft, which weigh thousands of pounds
and carry flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be significantly reduced
from those currently allowed for conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet AGL.
Waivers have been granted to other UAS operators for such operations in Alaska. USI believes
such operations can be conducted within the CONUS airspace for the same reasons justifying
operations under the existing waiver in Alaska.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." 14
C.F.R. § 91.151(a).

The rotorcraft batteries provide between 10 and 45 minutes of powered flight. Without an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, the rotorcraft flights would not be possible. Given the
limitations on its proposed operations and the location of those proposed operations, a longer
duration for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

USI believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is safe and consistent with the
scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the rotorcraft, a small UAS, without 30
minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to
prevent. The fact that the rotorcraft carries neither a pilot, passenger, nor cargo enhances the
reduced risk to overall safety. In the unlikely event that the rotorcraft should run out of battery, it
would land per its autopilot instructions before the batteries are completely depleted. Given its
weight and construction material, the risks are significantly less than contemplated by the
current regulation.

USI believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 25% battery life
as being the equivalent of minimum fuel, this would be more than adequate to return the UAS to
its planned landing zone from anywhere in its planned operating area.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 8 of 9

Similar exemptions have been granted to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673,
and 10808.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:
         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has
         within it the following:
         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
                   (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
                   required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
                   under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
                   passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot. As
such, there is no ability to carry certification and registration documents or to display them on
the sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided
in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in the Manual (See
Sections L and Q). An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are
very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited
periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately as it will be operating
from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the
UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of
any maintenance performed.

                                             Federal Register Summary

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(f), the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should the FAA determine that publication is needed:

         Docket No: FAA-2014-____
         Petitioner: Unmanned Systems Inc.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 7th, 2014
Page 9 of 9

14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) and (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9 (b)
(2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1); 91.409 (a)
(2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs or less)
in motion picture and television operations.

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the film industry will
enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using jet or piston power aircraft,
operate at extremely low altitudes in close proximity to people and structures and present the
risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000lbs., carrying large
amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopter) Such aircraft must fly to and from
the film location. In contrast, a battery powered sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board.
The sUAS is carried to the film set and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew
and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of sUASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions outlined
above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

                                                          Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior
consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed or
otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation with is
VLOS and national security. Provided in the above documentation is adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS in the
motion picture and television industry pursuant to the manual appended hereto.

                                                                     Sincerely,

                                                                     Donald G. Bintz
                                                                     President
                                                                     Unmanned Systems Inc.
