April 16, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11327
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0018

Mr. Michael Harvey
Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC
5218 S Malaya Way
Centennial CO 80015

Dear Mr. Harvey:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated December 31, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC (hereinafter petitioner or
operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct search and rescue, Hazmat management
(Chemical, Biological, Radiation & Nuclear), and emergency and disaster response.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are DJI Inspires and DJI Phantom 2s or DJI Phantom 2
Visions.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is not
necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC is granted
an exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                           3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC is hereafter referred
to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspires and DJI
    Phantom 2s or DJI Phantom 2 Visions when weighing less than 55 pounds including
    payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
    petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are not
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to
    satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability.
    The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times. Electronic
    messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be
    designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration
    of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the
    VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and,
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits closed-set motion picture and television filming and production,
 the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April, 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
12/31/2014
Michael Harvey
Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC
5218 S Malaya Way, Centennial CO 80015
Hon. Michael Huerta
Administrator
Federal Aviation Administration
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590
Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from certain parts of the FARs.
Dear Administrator Huerta:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company, hereby
applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow it to operate a
small Unmanned Aircraft System ("sUAS") under the conditions and limitations set forth in this Petition.
The requested exemption would permit the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive
sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace that (1) is limited, (2) is predetermined, and (3) would
provide safety enhancements to First Responders on the front lines in our communities. Approval of this
exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the FAA Administrator's responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:
Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video, LLC
Attn: Michael Harvey
Telephone: (720) 243-2775
Email: MichaelHarvey100@yahoo.com
Address: 5218 S Malaya Way, Centennial CO. 80015
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b)
14 CFR § 61.3
14 C.F.R. § 91.7 (a)
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. § 91.103
14 C.F.R. § 91.109
14 C.F. R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.121
14 CFR § 91.151 (a)
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR § 91.205(b)
14 CFR § 91.215
14 CFR § 91.405 (a)
14 CFR § 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR § 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR § 417 (a) & (b) 3
Appendix 1 describes the FARs from which an exemption is requested and summarizes the justification
for each requested exemption.
The Petition is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal under Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act,
which directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems
may operate safely in the national airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required
under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Administrator must determine
which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:
· The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
· Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
· Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.
Reform Act § 333 (a).
If the Administrator determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system,
the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the national airspace
system." Id. § 333(c).
The Secretary has delegated his aviation authority to the Administrator of the FAA.
The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to grant exemptions from its regulatory
requirements for civil aircraft, a term defined under §40101 of the Act, which includes sUASs. The
Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under subsection
(a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of the Federal Aviation Act if Administrator finds
the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) See also 49 USC § 44711(a); 49 USC § 44704;
14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).
The Petitioner is a startup company, Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video, LLC, The founder of the
company is a retired Military Veteran with training, both academically and militarily in Emergency
Management. Prior to starting Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video, LLC, the founder worked as an
Emergency Manager in both the Civilian and Military Contractor venues. He is also a certified Hazmat
Specialist with over 15 years of experience with CBRN, (Chemical, Biological, Radiation & Nuclear)
activities. Additionally, the founder has a strong interest in UASs and has been recreationally flying them
for approximately 2 years, amassing over 120 hours of flight time.
The Petitioner has formulated a business plan to provide Emergency Management assistance to Local,
State and Federal entities. The plan is to use small drones for SAR (Search & Rescue), Hazmat/CBRN
Management and Emergency & Disaster Response. When responding to an emergency, one of the
priorities is to understand how the most critical areas are affected and where they are situated - before
putting any more human lives in danger. The unmanned Drone platform puts the power of aerial
intelligence directly into the hands of the first responders. Real-time video streaming can show not only
the extent of the damage but may also warn responders of additional hazards. Geo-tagged digital
photographs provide an aerial record of the on-ground situation completely untouched. It is very
improbable for First Responders to acquire, stay trained up on and be on the leading edge of technology
with regards to UASs due to turnover and other training requirements that take priority.
Under the plan, the Drones will be DJI Inspires, DJI Phantom 2s or DJI Phantom 2 Visions, flying below
400 feet above ground level and never within 5 miles from an airport. They will operate only within the
line of sight of the operator and will only operate in populated areas for life and safety reasons and
under the control of the on-scene Incident Commander. Flights will be remote from noise sensitive areas
such as parks, schools, hospitals, and churches. Flights will be only conducted in permissible weather ­
rain, snow, or winds above 12 mph will terminate the flights. The Drones will only be operated by the
Petitioner who has considerable experience flying UA Drones. Prior to operating the drones all pre-flight
checks will be conducted as per the Petitioners SOP (Standard Operating Procedures). Safety will be the
paramount concern in defining flight profiles.
I am aware that this business plan is only permissible if it obtains special permission from the FAA. Many
potential competitors of Petitioner are actively flying sUAS, notwithstanding the FAA's stated
prohibition. Petitioner also notes and has read the congressional mandate in sections 332 and 333 of the
FAA Revitalization and Reform Act of 2012 that the FAA move quickly to accommodate the economic
and societal benefits that can result from widespread deployment of sUAS technology. Accordingly,
Petitioner applies for authorization under the Federal Aviation Act and the FARs to undertake the
following activities for commercial purposes. Unless the Petition is granted, Petitioner will be at a
significant competitive advantage if it, as it prefers, complies with FAA policy.
Vehicle
The Petitioner will fly one or more DJI Phantom 2s, DJI Phantom 2 Visions equipped with a three-axis
gimbal and camera, small oxygen and radiation sensors and eventually a thermal FLIR for better
situational awareness during SAR and Wild land Fire mapping missions.
These vehicles have the built in capability to limit the height they fly above the ground, to limit the
radius of the distance they fly from the operator, and to exclude them from class B, C, and D airspace as
well any TFR's (Temporary Flight Restricted) areas. The vehicles also have the built-in capability to return
to the launching point if the wireless control link is interrupted or if the operator attempts to exceed any
of the height, radius, or airspace limitations programmed into them.
The vehicle weighs about five pounds and has a maximum gross weight of approximately twenty
pounds. It has a top speed of about 30 knots. It has four fixed-pitch rotors, thrust from which is varied by
changing RPM. It is powered by a lithium polymer smart battery.
Flight profiles
The petitioner will program the Phantom so that it will not fly more than 400 feet above ground level, or
more than 1500 feet away from its operator. The PIC (Person in Control) will carefully preflight the
vehicle before each mission to assure that its compass and GPS system are properly calibrated and that
the return-to-home feature, altitude, and radius limitations work.
It will not operate in controlled airspace. In the unlikely event that a manned aircraft flies below 400
feet AGL where the Petitioner is operating its Phantom, the operator will keep both the vehicle and
manned aircraft in sight and avoid the manned aircraft.
More particularly, the Petitioner will fly the Phantom only over the hazard areas that are in control of an
on-scene Incident Commander, most likely being a Fire Chief, SAR rep or Police rep, etc.

Public interest
Granting the petition would be in the public interest because:
1. The Congress of the United States has determined that early accommodation of sUAS into the
National Airspace System advances the public interest. The Committee Report leading the House to
adopt H.R. 658 said:
"The successful integration of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) into the National Airspace System (NAS)
can support more than 23,000 high-paying jobs in the United States. . . . The absence of a plan to
integrate UASs into the NAS is a barrier to such job creation . . . ."1
Granting the Petition represents a step toward such integration, in the absence of a comprehensive
regulatory regime for sUAS, and thus would serve the Congressional goal and the public interest.
2. Granting the Petition will facilitate a new era in Emergency Response activities, one in which the
responders themselves have a tool to safely, quickly and remotely assess a situation without placing
lives in harm's way. In comparison, the EOD robots have saved countless lives since their inception, a
feat that will become common place for aerial assessments.
3. Granting the Petition will enable Petitioner to demonstrate the commercial viability of creating new
safety techniques and tactics with new aeronautical technology, thereby improving the efficiency of
Emergency Responders around the world and making for a safer society.
The rules from which Petitioner seeks exemption artificially and irrationally limit the effective use of
new technologies to expand Emergency Response safety and improve the efficiency of markets, thereby
subverting the public interest.
_____________________________________________

1. H. R. Rep. 112-29 on H.R. 658, 112th Cong., 1st Sess. at 116. The House-Senate Conference Committee on the FAA Modernization and
Reform Act of 2012 recommended amendments to H.R. 658 in lieu of amendments adopted by the Senate. Conference Report to Accompany
H.R. 658, H.R. Rep. 112-381, 112th Cong., 2d Sess., at p. 1 (Feb. 1, 2012).
4. Granting the Petition will enable the Petitioner to demonstrate that Wounded War Veterans, as I am,
can still thrive and be a part of the business community, regardless of any setbacks they may endure.
This alone is in keeping with the Presidents stated ideology as well as the Veterans Administrations
vision and in the public's interest.

5. Granting the Petition will fulfill the FAA's own declaration that encouraging new aviation technologies
advances the public interest. The FAA itself has recognized the public interest in its role of "Encouraging
and developing civil aeronautics, including new aviation technology."2 Granting the Petition will
enhance FAA fulfillment of that commitment, thereby serving the public interest. Air commerce
flourishes in the United States because of the rapid pace of innovation in aeronautical and associated
technologies, followed by their commercialization and their introduction into the marketplace. The
drone technology that the Petitioner uses exemplifies the latest innovative leap forward in aeronautical
technology. Preventing it from using this in air commerce subverts achievement of the goal.

6. Granting the Petition will fulfill the Congressional determination that integrating sUAS technology into
the NAS serves the public interest. Section 330 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
specifically recognizes the advantages to air commerce obtainable from the deployment of sUAS
technologies. It mandated several steps by the FAA to accelerate the availability of these technologies in
the National Airspace System, thereby representing a congressional determination that the public
interest is served by making these technologies more widely available at the earliest practicable date.
The Petition represents a way for the FAA to move incrementally, while still satisfying its congressional
mandate and meeting its obligation to enhance the public interest by making new technologies available
by allowing the use of sUAS technologies in a manner that protects the public and the rest of the
aviation community from significant risk.

The commercial activities by Petitioner proposed in the Petition represent contributions to new forms of
air commerce, thereby fulfilling the FAA's statutory mandate under the 2012 Act.

7. Granting the Petition will enhance aviation safety, thereby advancing the public interest. The
Petitioner has committed itself in the Petition to safety practices that reduce or eliminate hazards to
aircraft in the National Airspace System and to persons and property on the ground. Many others are
flying sUAS without regard to these hazards. Granting the Petition will offer the Petitioner up as an
example of how the FAA is willing to accommodate the new technology when it is constrained by
appropriate limitations to enhance safety. It will also allow the Petitioner to be a role model for safe
commercial sUAS operations.

Users of the National Airspace System are confronted by mushrooming threats from sUAS flown in
defiance of the FAA's ban. Unless the FAA shows some flexibility to accommodate lawful and safe
operation of sUAS for legitimate commercial purposes, the level of defiance will increase, intensifying
the hazards to manned aircraft and to persons and property on the ground.

The Petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act
relating to size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and
operation within visual line of sight, and national security. The Petition justifies grant of the requested
exemptions to allow the Petitioner to engage in Emergency Response procedures using small Drones.
_____________________________________________

2 FAA, Safety: The Foundation of Everything We Do,
http://www.faa.gov/about/safety_efficiency/.
Respectfully submitted,
Michael Harvey
Unmanned Aerial Assessment & Video LLC

                                                         Appendix 1
FAR section                Subject                         Justification
14 CFR § 45.23(b)          Requirement to display          Insufficient space on vehicle
14 CFR Part 21             registration number on vehicle
                           Aircraft certification          Designed for manned aircraft;
14 CFR § 61.3              requirements and procedures     not suitable for off-the-shelf
                                                           sUAS
14 CFR § 91.7 (a)          Requirement for pilot           Part 61 requirements designed
                           certificate                     for manned aircraft, not sUAS;
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)                                      petition describes training for
14 CFR § 91.103(b)         Airworthiness requirement       sUAS operator
14 CFR § 91.109                                            Designed for manned aircraft;
14 CFR § 91.119            Requirement for manual to be    not suitable for off-the-shelf
14 CFR § 91.121            available in the cockpit        sUAS
14 CFR § 91.151(a)         Requirement for crew            No one aboard to read manual
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)  members to be onboard
                           Requirement for dual controls   Unmanned vehicle
14 CFR § 91.205(b)         during flight instruction
FAR section                Minimum altitudes for safe      No one aboard to operate
14 CFR § 45.23(b)          flight                          controls
14 CFR Part 21             Altimeter settings              Safety requires operation
                                                           below these altitudes
14 CFR § 61.3              Fuel requirements               No one aboard to read
                           Requirement for registration    altimeter
14 CFR § 91.7 (a)          and airworthiness certificates  Vehicle does not use fuel
                           to be onboard                   No one aboard to read
                           Cockpit instruments             certificates
                           Subject
                           Requirement to display          No one aboard to read
                           registration number on vehicle  Justification
                           Aircraft certification          Insufficient space on vehicle
                           requirements and procedures
                                                           Designed for manned aircraft;
                           Requirement for pilot           not suitable for off-the-shelf
                           certificate                     sUAS
                                                           Part 61 requirements designed
                           Airworthiness requirement       for manned aircraft, not sUAS;
                                                           petition describes training for
                                                           sUAS operator
                                                           Designed for manned aircraft;
                                                           not suitable for off-the-shelf
                                                           sUAS
14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2)      Requirement for manual to be    No one aboard to read manual
14 CFR § 91.103(b)         available in the cockpit
14 CFR § 91.109            Requirement for crew            Unmanned vehicle
14 CFR § 91.119            members to be onboard
14 CFR § 91.121            Requirement for dual controls   No one aboard to operate
14 CFR § 91.151(a)         during flight instruction       controls
14 CFR § 91.203 (a) & (b)  Minimum altitudes for safe      Safety requires operation
                           flight                          below these altitudes
14 CFR § 91.205(b)         Altimeter settings              No one aboard to read
                                                           altimeter
                           Fuel requirements               Vehicle does not use fuel
                           Requirement for registration    No one aboard to read
                           and airworthiness certificates  certificates
                           to be onboard
                           Cockpit instruments             No one aboard to read
