September 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12870
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0842

Mr. Donald G. Bintz
President
Unmanned Systems, Inc.
2709 Cyrano Street
Henderson, NV 89044

Dear Mr. Bintz:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated October 14, 2014, January 26, 2015, and May 27, 2015, you petitioned the
Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Unmanned Systems, Inc. (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct training1 and research operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner. The FAA received two
individual comments in opposition to the petition and one in support. In granting this
exemption, the FAA has determined that the proposed operations can safely be conducted
under the conditions and limitations of this exemption. As with exemptions issued to Aeryon

1 The petitioner requested authority to conduct UAS training. At this time, the FAA is unable to authorize UAS
operations for training until a further assessment is completed. When the FAA completes its review, we will
proceed accordingly and no further action will be required by the petitioner. However, the petitioner is permitted
to train its own pilot in commands and visual observers in accordance with condition no. 14 and the other
conditions and limitations in this exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

Lab, Astraeus Aerial, Clayco, Inc., and VDOS Global, LLC, failure to comply with the
document's conditions and limitations is grounds for immediate suspension or rescission of
the exemption.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a Sandstorm.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection2. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Systems, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Systems, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Sandstorm when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
                                                                                            4

duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.
                                                                                                            5

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
                                                                                                            6

    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.
                                                                                                                 7

    28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                                                 8

This exemption terminates on September 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
October 14, 2014

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
      2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FAA Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Unmanned Systems, Inc. ("USI") request exemptions from two
provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR"), specifically portions of 14 C.F.R. Part §
91.119 and Part § 91.151(a) to allow, commercial operations of its Sandstorm unmanned aerial
system ("Sandstorm") in the continental United States ("CONUS") by individuals who, at a
minimum, maintain a FAA commercial pilot certification or FAA-recognized equivalents, and
have successfully completed USI's FAA approved training plan for Sandstorm.

The Sandstorm is an all-environment, electric-powered, traditional fixed wing take-off and
landing small unmanned aerial system ("UAS") that, is capable of transmitting live airborne
location and video information to a Ground Control Station ("GCS"). Depending on payload
configuration, Sandstorm will also be able of transmitting real-time high resolution video and
photogrammetry collection to the ground based camera control station and stored on board for
post flight production and forensics. The Sandstorm has a maximum weight of 70 pounds
including payloads, a wingspan of 15 feet, and a length of 8 feet. The Sandstorm airplane
weight without payload is a maximum of 40 pounds. The Sandstorm's normal cruising speed
and maximum speed are 40-60 knots indicated airspeed and 80 knots indicated airspeed,
respectively. It is battery powered that provides a flight endurance between one and one-half
hours and three hours depending on battery configuration. Sandstorm is capable of operation in
temperatures ranging from -15°F to 115°F. Launch and recovery of the aircraft is conducted via
traditional fixed-wing take-off and landing procedures. The Sandstorm's 900 MHz datalink and
2.4 GHz control link has a range of five miles and provides all positional information and control
capability required for safe operation of the aircraft.

The Sandstorm is unique among the various UASs applying for exemptions under Section 333
because it has received a Special Experimental Airworthiness Certificate from the FAA based
on its operations near Columbia Falls, Montana. The Sandstorm has an unparalleled safety
record based on our current and on-going flight operations in Montana with FAA certified
aircraft. When this experience is considered in tandem with the remote areas in which it will
operate, it becomes clear that the Sandstorm can operate safely in the National Airspace
System ("NAS"), without posing a threat to national security, by operating in accordance with the
requirements discussed herein.

The Sandstorm's capabilities, along with USI's experience to date, make it ideally suited to
conduct commercial operations such as commercial film production, agriculture, aerial
surveying, and patrolling in remote areas (i.e. non-congested or non-populated areas, private or
controlled-access property) under Class E or Class G airspace and within Visual Line of Sight
("VLOS"). Use of the Sandstorm reduces the need to operate manned aircraft, decreasing the
risk to the pilot, crew, and those on the ground as the Sandstorm will be transported to the
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 2 of 7

operational site for launch and recovery and will be not flown to the location with a load of
flammable fuel.

As a result of the Sandstorm's size, weight, maximum speed, operational capability, and safety
record; the distance at which it will operate from airports and populated areas; and its operation
using visual observers to provide de-confliction from other air traffic, the Sandstorm does not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public. Neither does it pose a threat to national
security. Therefore, the FAA should grant USI the requested exemptions. Alternatively, if the
FAA finds that modification of USI's application is required for safe operation of the Sandstorm
in the NAS, USI requests that the FAA delineate the required modifications and either process
USI's application as if the modifications were already made or allow USI to amend its
application to incorporate the FAA's findings.

The name and address of the applicant are:

Unmanned Systems Inc.
Address: 2709 Cyrano Street, Henderson NV 89044

Attn: Don Bintz
Ph: (702) 324-9966
Fax: (702) 656-8782
Email: Don.Bintz@unmannedsystemsinc.com

Attn: William Reynolds
Ph: (702) 606-7539
Email: bill.reynolds@unmannedsystemsinc.com

USI's exemption request encompasses the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. § 21 subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)

                           Section 333's Mandate and the Federal Aviation Act

Grant of this exemption application for use of the Sandstorm in agriculture, precision aerial
surveys, and patrols, pursuant to the exemption requested herein, will advance the
Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act to accelerate the introduction of
UASs into the NAS. Section 333 directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether
certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the rulemaking required
under Section 332 of the FAA Reform Act. To make that determination, the Secretary must
evaluate which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose
a threat to national security in light of several criteria:

         · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
         · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
         · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 3 of 7

FAA Reform Act § 333(b)(1). Once the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate
safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. § 333(c) (emphasis added).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. 49 U.S.C.
§ 44701(f). This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is
defined under §40101 of the Act, from the requirements that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate, 49 U.S.C. § 44711(a), and those used in commercial service must be
piloted by private and/or commercial pilots. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133.

The grant of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on (i) the clear direction in
Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act; (ii) additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as
amended; (iii) the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and (iv)
the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with
utilizing UASs for commercial film production, agriculture, aerial survey photography, and
patrolling. Accordingly, USI respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

                                                      Airworthiness

The Sandstorm is safe and fit for operation in the NAS under the conditions listed herein. The
FAA has deemed the Sandstorm safe by initially issuing a Special FAA Experimental
Airworthiness Certificate for flight on September 14, 2011. USI has flown the Sandstorm since
this date in 2011 and currently continues to operate near Columbia Falls, Montana under the
FAA issued Experimental Airworthiness Certificate for Unmanned Aircraft with an assigned
Registration Mark N441KS, being the first tail USI got certified.

In support of this application, USI can provide with a request for confidentiality, the following
documents: the Combined Sandstorm S3TM Aircrew Operating Handbook ("AOH"); the USI
Local Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus; the USI Observer Initial Qualification Syllabus; and the
USI Safety Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus.

                                        Mandatory Operating Conditions

USI proposes that the grant of the exemption be subject to the following mandatory conditions,
which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public entities
pursuant to Certificates of Waiver or Authorization, with additional restrictions:
.

         · Operations to avoid congested or populated areas to the maximum extent possible.
         · Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property.
         · Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
         · Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
         · Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).
         · Operations to occur during daylight hours.
         · Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet and below.
         · All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from

            centerline azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds.
         · Operator will file a NOTAM for each flight.
         · All required authorizations and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county, or

            city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other governmental agencies.
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 4 of 7

                                               Operator Requirements

USI respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UAS. The Sandstorm is an inherently stable, light-weight aircraft
that weighs less than 40 pounds without payload, has a proven safety flight safety record and
will be operated in remote areas.

Sandstorm is configured to give the Local Pilot ("LP") or Remote Pilot ("RP") full control of the
aircraft during all phases of flight. It is equipped with an advanced autopilot that can be used to
fly the aircraft in one of four modes: Stabilized, Return to Home ("RTH"), Circle or Nav.
Stabilized mode commands the aircraft to fly straight and level with no input from the pilot. RTH
mode commands the aircraft to fly to a "return to home point" designated by the pilot and then
circle until transitioned to manual control by the pilot. Circle mode commands the aircraft to
circle around its current position until the pilot takes control manually or activates another
autopilot mode. Engaging Nav mode commands the aircraft to fly to pre-programmed waypoints
designated by the pilot on the GCS Map screen. Each of these autopilot modes creates a
predictable aircraft flight pattern that allows Sandstorm to operate within the intended flight
envelope with minimal input from the pilot. Flight limits are coded into the autopilot and define
the aircraft's normal flight operating envelope. Manual flight modes that do not use the autopilot
require the operator to provide control input to maintain heading, altitude and airspeed. Pitch,
roll and throttle inputs are accomplished by the LP using the handheld radio
controller/transmitter (JR-12X) or by the RP using GCS RP Control Stick station via the 900
MHz or 2.4 GHz link respectively.

The GCS is the primary control station; providing the RP situational awareness and command
and control interface for the UA. The S³TM GCS is a environment consisting of three monitor
displays including a Map screen, a Head-up Display (HUD) screen, and a Standby Instrument
Panel screen. Flight controls consist of a control stick, throttle, and rudder pedals. Additional
system controls utilize touchscreen "push buttons" on the three displays to control gear position,
flap position, barometric altimeter setting, transponder settings, autopilot modes, and active
control link selections. The LP will always have the capability to take control of the aircraft with
the handheld JR-12X if necessary for safety of flight in all phases of flight while maintaining
VLOS.

In the event of a Total Lost-Link ("TLL") the autopilot shall navigate the UAS back to a
designated Return to Home ("RTH") point. Standard operating procedures will have a
designated RTH point prior to every flight. While in circle mode around the RTH point, recovery
of control should be possible. In the event that recovery of control link is not possible, the UAS
will spiral down to a controlled landing around the designated RTH point. If the motor batteries
have been depleted, the avionics and flight control surfaces are powered independently to allow
for continued control by the LP to conduct a pilot controlled landing of the aircraft.

             Specific Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety Showings

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 5 of 7

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section
333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of
these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than
a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

Sandstorm has already been certified as airworthy via a Special Airworthiness certificate of the
Experimental class and has been recertified as such on four separate occasions. The
exemption USI seeks at this time is to be able to conduct commercial operations while only
having an Experimental certification.

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, Section
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the Sandstorm will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. It will,
however, be operated in a manner that avoids congested or populated areas that are depicted
in yellow on VFR sectional charts. Because commercial film flights, agriculture, aerial survey
work, and patrolling must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes, i.e., less than 500 feet
AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is required.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the Sandstorm is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land
owner or the party controlling the operating area. With advance notice to the landowner, all
affected individuals will be aware of the agriculture, survey, and patrolling flights. Compared to
similar operations conducted with conventional aircraft or rotorcraft, which weigh thousands of
pounds and carry flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be significantly
reduced from those currently allowed for conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet
AGL. Waivers have been granted to other UAS operators for such operations in Alaska. USI
believes such operations can be conducted within the CONUS in Class E and Class G airspace
for the same reasons justifying like operations under the existing waiver in Alaska.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." 14
C.F.R. § 91.151(a).
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 6 of 7

The Sandstorm's batteries provide between one and three hours of powered flight. Without an
exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, the Sandstorm's flights could be limited to approximately
thirty minutes in length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of
those proposed operations, a longer duration for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

USI believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is safe and consistent with the
scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151(a)). Operating the Sandstorm, a small UAS, without 30
minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151(a) was meant to
prevent. The fact that the Sandstorm carries neither pilot, passenger, nor cargo also enhances
the reduced risk to overall safety. Additionally, limiting Sandstorm flights to thirty minutes would
greatly reduce the operational utility of the platform. In the unlikely event that the Sandstorm
should run out of fuel, it would glide under pilot control for landing. Given its weight and
construction material, the risk is significantly less than contemplated by the current regulation.

USI believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10 minutes of
reserve fuel, which, allowing at least fifty minutes of flight time, would be more than adequate to
return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its planned operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673,
and 10808.

                                             Federal Register Summary

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.81(f), the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should the FAA determine that publication is needed:

         Petitioner: Unmanned Systems Inc.
                   Section of 14 C.F.R.: 14 C.F.R. § 21(h), 14 C.F.R. § 91.119, 14 C.F.R. §

         91.151(a).

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UASs in the film industry will
enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using jet or piston power aircraft,
operate at extremely low altitudes in close proximity to people and structures and present the
risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000 pounds, carrying large
amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopter) Such aircraft must fly to and from
the film location. In contrast, a battery powered UAS weighing fewer than 70 pounds eliminates
virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board.
The UAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 70 pounds, conducted in the strict conditions
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and
allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the
ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

                                                          Privacy
U.S. Department of Transportation
October 14, 2014
Page 7 of 7

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior
consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed or
otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place.
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 - size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation with is
VLOS and national security. Provided in the above documentation is adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS in the
motion picture and television industry pursuant to the manual appended hereto.

                                                                     Sincerely,

                                                                     William E. Reynolds
                                                                     Unmanned Systems, Inc.
From:         Bill Reynolds
To:
Cc:           Troutman, Jake (FAA)
Subject:
Date:         Donald Bintz
Attachments:
              Re: Request for Additional Information - Unmanned Systems, Inc. [FAA-2014-0842]

              Monday, January 26, 2015 11:45:46 PM

              Combined POH S3.pdf
              USI Local Pilot Initial Qual Syllabus Long.pdf
              USI Observer Initial Qual Syllabus.pdf
              USI Safety Pilot Initial Qual Syllabus.pdf

Mr. Troutman,

USI required a current FAA Class II medical certificate for all Pilots.

Provide a description of the proposed pilot medical requirements.

USI required a current FAA Class II medical certificate for all Pilots.
 

·             Your petition references a pre-flight inspection and/or checklist.  Describe the process used
to determine if the UAS is airworthy and in safe condition for operation in the NAS.

Section 4-1 of the Combined Sandstorm S3TM Aircrew Operating Handbook ("AOH") addresses pre-
flight procedures to establish airworthiness before each flight.

 

·             Describe the process used to document UAS discrepancies and the corrective action taken
in the aircraft record.  Examples of processes include (1) the petitioner has elected to use its own
process to maintain its UAS and ensure that only airworthy and safe UAS will be allowed to
operate in the NAS and (2) the petitioner has elected to maintain its UAS in accordance with the
manufacturer maintenance and inspection recommendations.

 

·             Your petition references the material(s) listed below on page three of the petition, however
the material(s) were not submitted for the record.  Please provide a copy of the following
referenced materials:
o             Combined Sandstorm S3TM Aircrew Operating Handbook ("AOH")
o             USI Local Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus
o             USI Observer Initial Qualification Syllabus
o             USI Safety Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus

Attached are the documents requested. They are all considered proprietary by USI.

If you have any more questions please contact myself and Don Bintz (cc'd above).

Respectfully,
 
William Reynolds
Business Development Manager
Unmanned Systems Inc.
702-606-7539

Dear Mr. Don Bintz:
 

This letter is to inform you that the following information is missing from your
petition (Docket No. FAA-2014-0842).  This information is necessary for the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) to process your petition.

 

·             Provide a description of the proposed pilot medical requirements.

 

·             Your petition references a pre-flight inspection and/or checklist.  Describe the
process used to determine if the UAS is airworthy and in safe condition for operation
in the NAS.

 

·             Describe the process used to document UAS discrepancies and the corrective
action taken in the aircraft record.  Examples of processes include (1) the petitioner
has elected to use its own process to maintain its UAS and ensure that only airworthy
and safe UAS will be allowed to operate in the NAS and (2) the petitioner has elected
to maintain its UAS in accordance with the manufacturer maintenance and inspection
recommendations.

 

·             Your petition references the material(s) listed below on page three of the
petition, however the material(s) were not submitted for the record.  Please provide a
copy of the following referenced materials:
o             Combined Sandstorm S3TM Aircrew Operating Handbook ("AOH")
o             USI Local Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus
o             USI Observer Initial Qualification Syllabus
o             USI Safety Pilot Initial Qualification Syllabus

 

Please submit the additional information (non-proprietary) to your docket at
www.regulations.gov and submit any proprietary information to the FAA
Headquarters or electronically via e-mail to jake.troutman@faa.gov.  If you want us to
process your request any further, we must receive the information described above
by 02/09/2015.  If we do not receive the information, we will close the docket
without notifying you further.

 

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at (202) 267-9521.

 

Sincerely,

 

Jake J Troutman
Program Analyst | Rulemaking
FAA Office of Aviation Safety
Airmen and Airspace Rules Division
202-267-9521
May 27, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of
      2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("FAA Reform Act")
and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Unmanned Systems, Inc. ("USI") request exemptions from four

provisions of the Federal Aviation Regulations ("FAR"), specifically portions of 14 C.F.R. §
21 (h), 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a & b), 14 C.F.R. § 91.119, 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a) to allow,

commercial operations of its Sandstorm unmanned aerial system ("Sandstorm") in the
continental United States ("CONUS") by individuals who, at a minimum, maintain a FAA private
pi lot certification or FAA-recognized equivalents, and have successfully completed USI's
company training plan for Sandstorm . The commercial use requested is to conduct training
and research operations at USI's home field in Montana and at locations coordinated
with the FAA via the COA process.

The Sandstorm is an all-environment, traditional fixed wing take-off and landing small
unmanned aerial system ("UAS") that, is capable of transmitting live airborne location and video
information to a Ground Control Station ("GCS"). Depending on payload configuration ,
Sandstorm will also be able of transmitting real-time high resolution video and photogrammetry
collection to the ground based camera control station and stored on board for post flight
production and forensics. The Sandstorm will be limited to under 55 pounds including
payloads, a wingspan of 15 feet, and a length of 8 feet. The Sandstorm airplane weight without
payload is a maximum of 40 pounds. The Sandstorm's normal cruising speed and maximum
speed are 40-60 knots indicated airspeed and 80 knots indicated airspeed, respectively. It
comes in an electric, turboprop, and gas version. Sandstorm is capable of operation in
temperatures ranging from -15°F to 115°F. Launch and recovery of the aircraft is conducted via
traditional fixed-wing take-off and landing procedures. The Sandstorm's 900 MHz datalink and
2.4 GHz control link has a range of five miles and provides all positional information and control
capability required for safe operation of the aircraft.

The Sandstorm is unique among the various UASs applying for exemptions under Section 333
because it has received a Special Experimental Airworthiness Certificate from the FAA based
on its operations near Columbia Falls, Montana. The Sandstorm has an unparalleled safety
 record based on our current and on-going flight operations in Montana with FAA certified
 aircraft. When this experience is considered in tandem with the remote areas in which it will
 operate, it becomes clear that the Sandstorm can operate safely in the National Airspace
 System ("NAS"}, without posing a threat to national security, by operating in accordance with the
 requirements discussed herein.

 The Sandstorm's capabilities, along with USI's experience to date, make it ideally suited to
 conduct commercial operations such as commercial film production, agriculture, aerial
 surveying, and patrolling in remote areas (i.e. non-congested or non-populated areas, private or
 controlled-access property) under Class E or Class G airspace and within Visual Line of Sight
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 2 of 7

("VLOS"). Use of the Sandstorm reduces the need to operate manned aircraft, decreasing the
risk to the pilot, crew, and those on the ground as the Sandstorm will be transported to the
operational site for launch and recovery and will be not flown to the location with a load of
flammable fuel.

As a result of the Sandstorm's size, weight, maximum speed, operational capability, and safety
record; the distance at which it will operate from airports and populated areas; and its operation
using visual observers to provide de-confliction from other air traffic, the Sandstorm does not
create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public. Neither does it pose a threat to national
security. Therefore, the FAA should grant USI the requested exemptions. Alternatively, if the
FAA finds that modification of USI's application is required for safe operation of the Sandstorm
in the NAS, USI requests that the FAA delineate the required modifications and either process
USI's application as if the modifications were already made or allow USI to amend its
application to incorporate the FAA's findings.

The name and address of the applicant are:

Unmanned Systems Inc.
Address: 2709 Cyrano Street, Henderson NV 89044

Attn: Don Bintz
Ph: (702) 324-9966
Fax: (702) 656-8782
Email: Don.Bintz@unmannedsystemsinc.com

Attn: William Reynolds
Ph: (702) 606-7539
Email: bill.reynolds@unmannedsystemsinc.com

USI's exemption request encompasses the following regulations:

14 C.F.R. § 21 subpart H
14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a&b)
14 C.F.R. § 91.119
14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)

                             Section 333's Mandate and the Federal Aviation Act

 Grant of this exemption application for use of the Sandstorm in training, agriculture, precision
 aerial surveys, film industry, and patrols, pursuant to the exemption requested herein, will
 advance the Congressional mandate in Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act to accelerate the
 introduction of UASs into the NAS. Section 333 directs the Secretary of Transportation to
 consider whether certain UASs may operate safely in the NAS before completion of the
 rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA Reform Act. To make that determination, the
 Secretary must evaluate which types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
 public or pose a threat to national security in light of several criteria:

           · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
           · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
           · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 3 of 7

FAA Reform Act§ 333(b)(1). Once the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate
safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system ." /d. § 333(c) (emphasis added).

The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. 49 U.S.C.
§ 44701 (f). This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is
defined under §401 01 of the Act, from the requirements that all civil aircraft must have a current
airworthiness certificate, 49 U.S.C. § 44711 (a), and those used in commercial service must be
piloted by private and/or commercial pilots. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b), 61.133.

The granting of the requested exemption is in the public interest based on (i) the clear direction
in Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act; (ii) additional authority in the Federal Aviation Act, as
amended; (iii) the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed operations; and (iv)
the significant public benefit, including enhanced safety and cost savings associated with
utilizing UASs for commercial by providing adequate training and testing of both pilots and
equipment. Accordingly, USI respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption
without delay.

                                                        Airworthiness

The Sandstorm is safe and fit for operation in the NAS under the conditions listed herein. The
FAA has deemed the Sandstorm safe by initially issuing a Special FAA Experimental
Airworthiness Certificate for flight on September 14, 2011. USI has flown the Sandstorm since
this date in 2011 and currently continues to operate near Columbia Falls, Montana under the
FAA issued Experimental Airworthiness Certificate for Unmanned Aircraft with an assigned
Registration Mark N441 KS, being the first tail USI got certified.

                                           Mandatory Operating Conditions

USI proposes that the grant of the exemption be subject to the following mandatory conditions,
which are based upon operating conditions set forth for operation of UAS by public entities
pursuant to Certificates of Waiver or Authorization, with additional restrictions:

           · Operations to avoid congested or populated areas to the maximum extent possible.
           · Operations to be conducted over private or controlled-access property.
           · Permission from land owner/controller required before commencing any flight.
           · Operations to occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions (VMC).
           · Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight (VLOS).
           · Operations to occur during daylight hours.
           ·Above Ground Level (AGL) altitude to be restricted to 400 feet and below.
           · All operations conducted in vicinity of airport to remain more than 2.5 NM from

              centerline azimuth of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds.
           · Operator will file a NOTAM for each flight.
           · All required authorizations and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county, or

              city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other governmental agencies.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 4 of 7

                                                Operator Requirements

USI respectfully proposes that operator requirements should take into account the
characteristics of the particular UAS. The Sandstorm is an inherently stable, light-weight aircraft
that weighs less than 40 pounds without payload, has a proven safety flight safety record and
will be operated in remote areas.

Sandstorm is configured to give the Local Pilot ("LP") or Remote Pilot ("RP") full control of the
aircraft during all phases of flight. It is equipped with an advanced autopilot that can be used to
fly the aircraft in one of four modes: Stabilized, Return to Home ("RTH"), Circle or Nav.
Stabilized mode commands tne aircraft to fly straight and level with no input from the pilot. RTH
mode commands the aircraft to fly to a "return to home point" designated by the pilot and then
circle until transitioned to manual control by the pilot. Circle mode commands the aircraft to
circle around its current position until the pilot takes control manually or activates another
autopilot mode. Engaging Nav mode commands the aircraft to fly to pre-programmed waypoints
designated by the pilot on the GCS Map screen. Each of these autopilot modes creates a
predictable aircraft flight pattern that allows Sandstorm to operate within the intended flight
envelope with minimal input from the pilot. Flight limits are coded into the autopilot and define
the aircraft's normal flight operating envelope. Manual flight modes that do not use the autopilot
require the operator to provide control input to maintain heading, altitude and airspeed. Pitch,
roll and throttle inputs are accomplished by the LP using the handheld radio
controller/transmitter (JR-12X) or by the RP using GCS RP Control Stick station via the 900
MHz or 2.4 GHz link respectively.

The GCS is the primary control station; providing the RP situational awareness and command
and control interface for the UA. The flight controls consist of a control stick, throttle, and rudder
pedals. The LP will always have the capability to take control of the aircraft with the handheld
JR-12X if necessary for safety of flight in all phases of flight while maintaining VLOS .

In the event of a Total Lost-Link ('TLL") the autopilot shall navigate the UAS back to a
designated Return to Home ("RTH") point. Standard operating procedures will have a
designated RTH point prior to every flight. While in circle mode around the RTH point, recovery
of control should be possible. In the event that recovery of control link is not possible, the UAS
will spiral down to a controlled landing around the designated RTH point. If the motor batteries
have been depleted, the avionics and flight control surfaces are powered independently to allow
for continued control by the LP to conduct a pilot controlled landing of the aircraft.

              Specific Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety Showings

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates

 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
 issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91 .203 (a) (1). Given the size and
 limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an exemption
from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11
and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section
 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an
 airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability,
 and proximity to airports and populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of
 these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 5 of 7

restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than
a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate
without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

Sandstorm has already been certified as airworthy via a Special Airworthiness certificate of the
Experimental class and has been recertified as such on four separate occasions. The
exemption USI seeks at this time is to be able to conduct commercial operations while only
having an Experimental certification.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's
license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. Unlike a conventional
aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled with no living thing
on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. To provide for the differences in knowledge
level the chief pilot for USI is a commercially rated pilot that will oversee all planned flight
operations and will approve all operating areas and operating plans. The risks associated with
the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial
operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that with the above oversight and plans will
achieve a level of safety commiserate with the current rules set forth by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a)
& (b) .

14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

Section 91 .119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Specifically, Section
91.119(c) limits aircraft flying over areas other than congested areas to an altitude of 500 feet
above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the
aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

As set forth herein, the Sandstorm will never operate at higher than 400 feet AGL. It will,
however, be operated in a manner that avoids congested or populated areas that are depicted
in yellow on VFR sectional .charts. Because commercial film flights, agriculture, aerial survey
work, and patrolling must be accomplished at relatively low altitudes, i.e., less than 500 feet
AGL, an exemption from Section 91.119(c) is required .

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed, and material with
which the Sandstorm is built. Also, no flight will be taken without the permission of the land
owner or the party controlling the operating area. With advance notice to the landowner, all
affected individuals will be aware of the agriculture, survey, and patrolling flights. Compared to
similar operations conducted with conventional aircraft or rotorcraft, which weigh thousands of
pounds and carry flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations will be significantly
reduced from those currently allowed for conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 feet
AGL. Waivers have been granted to other UAS operators for such operations in Alaska. USI
believes such operations can be conducted within the CONUS in Class E and Class G airspace
for the same reasons justifying like operations under the existing waiver in Alaska.
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 6 of 7

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed- (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes." 14

C.F.R. § 91.151(a).

The Sandstorm's batteries provide between one and three hours of powered flight. Without an

exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, the Sandstorm's flights could be limited to approximately

thirty minutes in length. Given the limitations on its proposed operations and the location of
those proposed operations, a longer duration for flight in daylight VFR conditions is reasonable.

USI believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a) is safe and consistent with the

scope of a prior exemption. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to
operate without compliance with 91.151 (a)). Operating the Sandstorm, a small UAS, without 30
minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151 (a) was meant to
prevent. The fact that the Sandstorm carries neither pilot, passenger, nor cargo also enhances
the reduced risk to overall safety. Additionally, limiting Sandstorm flights to thirty minutes would
greatly reduce the operational utility of the platform. In the unlikely event that the Sandstorm
should run out of fuel, it would glide under pilot control for landing . Given its weight and
construction material, the risk is significantly less than contemplated by the current regulation.

USI believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by maintaining 10 minutes of
reserve fuel, which, allowing at least fifty minutes of flight time, would be more than adequate to
return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its planned operating area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to others, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673,
and 10808.

                                                Federal Register Summary

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11 :81 (f), the following summary is provided for publication in the

Federal Register, should the FAA determine that publication is needed :

           Petitioner: Unmanned Systems Inc.

Section of 14 C.F.R.: 14 C.F.R. § 21 (h), 14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a & b), 14 C.F.R. § 91.119, 14
C.F.R. § 91 .151(a).

Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UASs in training and research flights
will benefit the public. By allowing USI to conduct training and research flights for compensation
the public will have better operators for UAVs and better UAVs by the research that USI will
conduct. The UAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the
risks associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UASs, weighing less than 55 pounds, conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part
21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close
U.S. Department of Transportation
May 27, 2014
Page 7 of 7

to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional
operations conducted with manned aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and
people.

                                                             Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior
consent and knowledge. Overflight of any person will have consented to being filmed or
otherwise have agreed to be in the area where operations will take place.

Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012 - size, weight,
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation with is
VLOS and national security. Provided in the above documentation is adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of to conduct training and
research operations at USI's home field in Montana and at locations coordinated with the FAA
via the COA process.

                                                                           onald G. Bintz
                                                                         President
                                                                         Unmanned System · Inc.
