May 8, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11499
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0285

Mr. Daniel J. Murray
Founder
Unmanned Sensing Systems LLC
16000 Horizon Way, Suite 700
Mount Laurel, NJ 08054

Dear Mr. Murray:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 14, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Unmanned Sensing Systems LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision aerial survey operations for the primary benefit of agricultural sensing and
data gathering.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a US2 GreenHawk.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Unmanned Sensing Systems LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Unmanned Sensing Systems LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the US2 GreenHawk
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
       documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
  
  
  
  
  
  

                                                                                    
                                                                                    
                                      Petition  for  Section  333  Exemption  

                                                            Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  LLC  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  1  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
January  14,  2015  
  
US  Department  of  Transportation  
Docket  Management  System  
1200  New  Jersey  Ave  SE  
Washington  DC  20590  
  
Re:  Section  333  Exemption  Request  
  
Dear  Sir  or  Madam:  
  
Pursuant  to  the  FAA  Modernization  and  Reform  Act  of  2012  Section  333  and  the  
requirements  contained  within  14  C.F.R.  §11.81,  Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  LLC  
("US2"),  a  developer  and  operator  of  small  unmanned  aircraft  systems  (sUAS),  hereby  
requests  exemption  from  the  below  listed  Federal  Aviation  Regulations  (FARs).  These  
exemptions  would  allow  US2  to  commercially  operate  the  US2  GreenHawk,  a  
proprietary  fixed-wing  sUAS  weighing  less  than  5lbs,  within  airspace  regulated  by  the  
FAA,  pursuant  to  and  under  the  conditions  defined  herein  and  by  the  FAA.  
  
As  described  below,  the  exemptions  requested  would  permit  US2  to  operate  the  sUAS  in  
a  safe  and  coordinated  manner,  within  a  predetermined  and  pre-communicated  
airspace,  subject  to  standardized  procedure  and  planning.  US2  desires  to  perform  
precision  aerial  survey  operations  for  the  primary  benefit  of  agricultural  sensing  and  
data  gathering,  aiding  growers  in  planning  and  monitoring  yields  and  providing  a  
platform  with  which  to  develop  techniques  and  applications  to  directly  benefit  the  
agricultural  industry  as  a  whole.  
  
We  have  closely  reviewed  the  FAA's  existing  exemption  grants  under  Section  333,  and  
believe  our  request  to  be  materially  similar  to  Exemption  11136,  11062,  11067,  11109,  
11111,  and  11110,  among  others.  We  are  fully  prepared  and  willing  to  operate  under  
and  abide  by  the  exemptions  already  granted  and  the  conditions  required  in  Exemption  
11110.  The  below  detailed  requests  are  provided  to  further  demonstrate  our  
understanding  of  the  rationale  for  the  FAR  exemption  requests  and  associated  decisions  
by  the  FAA,  as  well  as  provide  a  basis  for  establishing  our  need  for  the  same.  
  
We  are  willing  and  prepared  to  discuss,  and  if  necessary  modify,  this  request  to  fully  
satisfy  the  FAA's  requirements  for  safe  and  controlled  sUAS  operation.  We  look  forward  
to  working  with  the  FAA,  and  welcome  you  to  contact  us  at  any  time.  
  
Sincerely,  
  

                                                      Daniel  J.  Murray  
                                                      Founder,  Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  LLC  

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  2  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
1.  Application  Information  
  
Name  and  address  of  the  applicant:  
  
Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  LLC  
16000  Horizon  Way,  Suite  700  
Mount  Laurel,  NJ  08054  
Phone:  856.316.0070  
Email:  dmurray@unmannedsensing.com  
  

2.  Summary  Exemption  Requests:  
  
US2  requests  exemption  from  the  following  regulations:  
  

         14  C.F.R.  §61.113(a)  &  (b)  
         14  C.F.R.  §61.133(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.7(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.119(c)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.151(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.405(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.407(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.409(a)(1)  &  (2)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.417  (a)  &  (b)  
  
Further  discussion  regarding  these  exemption  requests  can  be  found  below.  
  

3.  Detailed  Exemption  Requests  
  

14  C.F.R.  §61.113(a)  &  (b)  and  §61.133(a)  ­  Airman  Certificate  Requirements  
  
Section  61.113(a)  prescribes  that  "no  person  who  holds  a  private  pilot  certificate  may  
act  as  pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft  that  is  carrying  passengers  or  property  for  
compensation  or  hire;  nor  may  that  person,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  pilot  in  
command  of  an  aircraft."    
  
Section  61.113(b)  prescribes  that  "A  private  pilot  may,  for  compensation  or  hire,  act  as  
pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft  in  connection  with  any  business  or  employment  if:  (1)  
The  flight  is  only  incidental  to  that  business  or  employment;  and  (2)  The  aircraft  does  
not  carry  passengers  or  property  for  compensation  or  hire."  
  
Section  61.133(a)  prescribes  that  "(1)  General.  A  person  who  holds  a  commercial  pilot  
certificate  may  act  as  pilot  in  command  of  an  aircraft--  (i)  Carrying  persons  or  property  

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                                                               Page  3  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ                                     14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
for  compensation  or  hire,  provided  the  person  is  qualified  in  accordance  with  this  part  
and  with  the  applicable  parts  of  this  chapter  that  apply  to  the  operation;  and  (ii)  For  
compensation  or  hire,  provided  the  person  is  qualified  in  accordance  with  this  part  and  
with  the  applicable  parts  of  this  chapter  that  apply  to  the  operation."  
  
Exemption  from  sections  61.113  (a)  and  (b),  and  section  61.133(a)  is  requested  because  
our  proposed  operations  include  commercial  operations.  Considering  the  size,  weight,  
and  operating  characteristics  of  the  sUAS  in  question,  and  considering  that  the  
operation  of  the  sUAS  is  to  be  confined  to  an  area  over  private  property  with  controlled  
access,  US2  requests  an  exemption  from  section  61.113  (a)  &  (b)  with  the  following  
conditions:  

  

    · The  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  of  the  sUAS  must  hold  at  least  a  private  pilot  airman  
         certificate  and  a  third-class  airman  medical  certificate  and:  

    · sUAS  operation  will  additionally  require  a  Visual  Observer  (VO)  and  the  VO  must  
         have  acceptable  vision  such  that  they  can  maintain  visual  line  of  sight  (VLOS)  
         with  the  sUAS  at  all  times  

  

These  conditions  are  not  unlike  those  required  of  Astraeus  Aerial  under  Grant  of  
Exemption  11062.  
  
Additionally,  the  US2  GreenHawk  is  equipped  with  an  onboard  autopilot  for  
autonomous  flight,  capable  of  being  (and  required  by  the  operating  manual  to  be)  
monitored  by  a  Ground  Control  Station  (GCS)  at  all  times.  The  onboard  autopilot  will  
also  ensure  flight  operation  is  kept  within  the  controlled  airspace,  including  prohibiting  
operation  above  a  defined  maximum  altitude,  as  discussed  in  more  detail  below.  
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.7(a)  -  Airworthiness  
  
Section  61.113(a)  prescribes  that  "No  person  may  operate  a  civil  aircraft  unless  it  is  in  an  
airworthy  condition."  
  
Exemption  from  61.113(a)  is  requested  due  to  the  lack  of  standards  with  which  to  
certify  the  US2  GreenHawk  sUAS.  Despite  the  inability  to  retain  an  airworthiness  
certificate,  operations  will  be  conducted  in  accordance  with  the  GreenHawk  Operating  
Manual  and  US2  Safety  Parameters.  
  
The  exemption  request  is  not  unlike  exemptions  granted  in  exemptions  11062,  11080,  
and  11109,  among  others.  
  
  
  

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  4  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
14  C.F.R.  §91.119(c)  ­  Safe  Altitudes  
  
Section  91.119(c)  prescribes,  in  part,  that  aircraft  may  not  be  operated:  "closer  than  500  
feet  to  any  person,  vessel,  vehicle,  or  structure."    
  
Proposed  operations  of  the  sUAS  are  confined  to  the  airspace  below  and  inclusive  of  
400ft  AGL.  As  such,  the  entirety  of  the  sUAS  operation  would  occur  in  violation  of  
section  91.119(c).  US2's  Safety  Parameters  require  that  operations  be  performed  400ft  
AGL,  as  well  as  require  setting  the  onboard  autopilot  maximum  altitude  (as  determined  
by  onboard  GPS  and  barometric  sensors)  to  400ft  AGL,  preventing  accidental  
encroachment  into  airspace  utilized  by  full  scale  aircraft.  
  
The  exemption  request  is  not  unlike  exemptions  granted  in  exemptions  11062,  11136,  
and  11111,  among  others.  
  
14  C.F.R.  §91.151(a)  ­  Minimum  Fuel  Requirements  
  
Section  91.151(a)  prescribes  that  "(a)  No  person  may  begin  a  flight  in  an  airplane  under  
VFR  conditions  unless  (considering  wind  and  forecast  weather  conditions)  there  is  
enough  fuel  to  fly  to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing  and,  assuming  normal  cruising  
speed--  (1)  During  the  day,  to  fly  after  that  for  at  least  30  minutes;  or  (2)  At  night,  to  fly  
after  that  for  at  least  45  minutes."  
  
Due  to  the  size  and  expected  flight  time  of  the  sUAS,  flight  times  are  often  planned  for  
durations  of  less  than  one  hour.  As  such,  it  is  often  impractical  for  the  sUAS  to  carry  
enough  fuel  (in  this  case,  electric  charge)  to  fly  for  an  additional  30  minutes  beyond  the  
intended  landing  point.  The  US2  GreenHawk  is  powered  by  a  battery,  and  the  maximum  
flight  time  is  typically  55  minutes  under  normal  flight  conditions.  Additionally,  the  sUAS  
will  only  be  flown  during  daylight  conditions.  
  
US2  proposes  the  following  conditions,  taking  into  account  the  size  and  flight  time  of  
the  sUAS:  
  

    · sUAS  flight  may  not  begin  unless  there  is  enough  power  to  fly  to  the  point  of  
         intended  landing  and  attempt  a  landing  with  at  least  30%  reserve  power  
         remaining  

    · If  already  in  flight,  the  PIC  should  make  the  first  landing  attempt  with  no  less  
         than  30%  reserve  power  remaining  

  
These  requirements  were  adapted  from  existing  FAA  exemption  grants,  and  the  request  
is  not  unlike  exemptions  granted  in  exemption  11136,  among  others.  
  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  5  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
14  C.F.R.  §91.405(a),  407(a),  409(a)(1)  &  (2),  417(a)  &  (b)  
  
Section  91.405(a)  prescribes  that:  "(a)  Shall  have  that  aircraft  inspected  as  prescribed  in  
subpart  E  of  this  part  and  shall  between  required  inspections,  except  as  provided  in  
paragraph  (c)  of  this  section,  have  discrepancies  repaired  as  prescribed  in  part  43  of  this  
chapter;"  
  
Section  91.407(a)  prescribes  that:  "(a)  No  person  may  operate  any  aircraft  that  has  
undergone  maintenance,  preventive  maintenance,  rebuilding,  or  alteration  unless--  (1)  
It  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  under  §  43.7  of  this  
chapter;  and  (2)  The  maintenance  record  entry  required  by  §  43.9  or  §  43.11,  as  
applicable,  of  this  chapter  has  been  made."  
  
Section  91.409(a)  prescribes  that:  "(a)  Except  as  provided  in  paragraph  (c)  of  this  
section,  no  person  may  operate  an  aircraft  unless,  within  the  preceding  12  calendar  
months,  it  has  had--  (1)  An  annual  inspection  in  accordance  with  part  43  of  this  chapter  
and  has  been  approved  for  return  to  service  by  a  person  authorized  by  §  43.7  of  this  
chapter;  or  (2)  An  inspection  for  the  issuance  of  an  airworthiness  certificate  in  
accordance  with  part  21  of  this  chapter."  
  
Section  91.417(a)  and  (b)  prescribe,  in  summary,  that  each  registered  owner  and  
operator  of  an  aircraft  shall  keep  records  of  maintenance,  alterations,  service  life,  and  
inspections.  
  
Since,  if  an  exemption  is  granted,  the  sUAS  in  question  will  not  carry  and  airworthiness  
certificate,  and  will  not  have  established  standards  with  which  to  determine  its  
airworthiness,  we  request  exemption  from  the  above  listed  regulations.    
  
Instead,  the  sUAS  will  be  operated  and  maintained  by  the  PIC  per  the  operating  manual,  
which  contains  instructions  and  procedures  for  inspecting,  maintaining,  and  repairing  
the  sUAS.  Further,  all  flight  operations  will  be  recorded  by  way  of  an  entry  in  the  Log  
Book.  
  
The  exemption  request  is  not  unlike  exemptions  granted  in  exemptions  11136  and  
11062,  among  others.  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  6  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
4.  Public  Interest  
The  purpose  of  this  exemption  request  is  to  allow  for  commercial  operation  of  sUAS  for  
in  the  collection  of  precision  aerial  survey  data.    
  
Currently,  most  agricultural  survey  data  is  gathered  via  one  of  the  following  means:  
  

    · Commercially  available  satellite  imagery,  which  can  be  expensive  and  out  of  
         date.  Most  commercial  satellite  imagery  is  weeks  if  not  months  old,  providing  
         very  little  value  in  the  time-sensitive  decision  making  process  for  planning  the  
         correct  fertilization  applications,  determining  crop  yields,  and  identifying  areas  
         of  concern.  Additionally,  most  satellite  imagery  captures  visible  light  only,  and  is  
         unable  to  collect  the  same  multispectral  imagery  the  sUAS  can,  which  further  
         aids  in  determining  crop  health.  

    · Manned  aerial  survey,  which  employs  the  use  of  full  size  aircraft,  a  costly  and  
         time  consuming  process  that  requires  planning  and  scheduling.  While  full  size  
         aircraft  can  provide  similar  results,  they  less  able  to  operate  safely  close  to  the  
         ground,  reducing  captured  imagery  resolution  and  increasing  risk  for  pilots.  
         Further,  our  sUAS  operates  off  of  stored  electric  energy,  reducing  emissions.  

    · Ground  analysis,  whereby  personnel  visually  inspect  crops  for  health  and  yield.  
         Arguably  the  most  accurate  method,  ground  analysis  is  limited  to  the  amount  of  
         area  a  person  can  cover  on  foot  or  in  a  vehicle  over  a  period  of  time.  Augmented  
         with  sUAS  survey  results,  ground  personnel  can  be  more  efficiently  deployed  to  
         areas  of  concern,  as  well  as  have  access  to  instant  results  from  viewpoints  above  
         a  large  swath  of  land.  

  
We  feel  that  an  exemption  to  allow  commercial  sUAS  operation  for  agricultural  survey  is  
in  the  public  interest  because  it  provides  timely  access  to  large  amounts  of  survey  data  
via  environmentally  friendly  means,  enabling  growers  to  increase  yields  and  more  
accurately  apply  fertilizers,  in  some  many  cases  reducing  application  in  areas  
determined  to  already  be  healthy.      
  
With  respect  to  safety,  we  believe  that  the  operation  of  a  small  UAS,  weighing  less  than  
5lbs  and  operating  at  less  than  400ft  AGL  over  controlled  and  private  areas,  presents  a  
reduced  risk  compared  to  operations  involving  full  scale  aircraft.  Such  full-scale  aircraft  
may  be  required  to  operate  close  to  the  ground  for  similar  precision  survey  results,  
increasing  risk  to  the  pilot,  occupants,  and  those  on  the  ground  in  case  of  a  failure.  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  7  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
5.  Summary  of  Request  for  Federal  Register  
  
In  accordance  with  14  C.F.R.  §11.81(f),  a  summary  of  our  exemption  request  is  provided  
for  publication  in  the  Federal  Register:  
  
Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  LLC  is  requesting  exemption  from  the  following  regulations:  
  

         14  C.F.R.  §61.113(a)  &  (b)  
         14  C.F.R.  §61.133(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.7(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.119(c)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.151(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.405(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.407(a)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.409(a)(1)  &  (2)  
         14  C.F.R.  §91.417  (a)  &  (b)  
  
The  exemptions  are  requested  in  order  to  commercially  operate  a  small  unmanned  
aircraft  system  (sUAS),  weighing  less  than  5lbs,  below  an  altitude  of  400ft  AGL  over  
controlled  areas.    
  
If  granted,  the  exemptions  would  permit  Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  to  utilize  the  sUAS  
to  collect  precision  aerial  survey  data,  including  multispectral  imagery,  of  crops  and  
agricultural  interests  for  its  customers.  Such  data  will  allow  its  customers  to  make  
timely,  informed  decisions  to  maximize  crop  yield,  reduce  and  fine-tune  fertilizer  
application,  and  more  closely  and  efficiently  monitor  crop  health.  
  
Compared  to  current  survey  methods,  the  exemption  would  eliminate  the  need  for  
growers  to  rely  on  outdated  satellite  imagery,  or  to  employ  the  use  of  low  altitude  full-
scale  aircraft,  increasing  safety  for  both  pilots  and  those  on  the  ground.  
  
If  granted,  Unmanned  Sensing  Systems  intends  to  operate  sUAS  in  accordance  with  all  
applicable  FAA  regulations,  and  conduct  all  operations  with  the  utmost  regard  for  
safety.  All  operations  would  be  restricted  to  confined,  sterile  environments  over  private  
property,  away  from  congested  areas.  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  8  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
5.  Additional  Operating  Restrictions  
  
In  addition  to  the  applicable  FAA  regulations,  and  pursuant  to  the  exemptions  above  (if  
granted),  the  operation  of  the  sUAS  will  be  subject  to  the  following  operational  
restrictions:  
  

    1. The  sUAS  will  be  operated  solely  within  the  United  States  of  America  
    2. The  sUAS  will  be  operated  at  altitudes  no  greater  than  400ft  AGL  
    3. The  sUAS  will  be  operated  in  Class  G  airspace  only,  over  private  property,  with  

         the  prior  consent  of  the  landowner  
    4. The  sUAS  will  not  be  operated  within  5  NM  of  an  airport  
    5. The  sUAS  will  not  be  operated  over  populated  or  congested  areas  
    6. The  sUAS  will  be  operated  only  when  both  a  PIC  and  VO  are  present  
    7. The  designated  PIC  will  hold  at  least  a  private  pilot  airman  certificate  and  third  

         class  medical  certificate  
    8. The  sUAS  will  only  be  operated  in  visual  meteorological  conditions,  where  both  

         the  PIC  and  VO  can  maintain  VLOS  with  the  sUAS  unaided  (except  for  corrective  
         lenses  or  sun  protection)  and  
    9. the  sUAS  will  not  be  operated  beyond  0.5  NM  of  the  PIC,  regardless  of  ability  to  
         maintain  VLOS  
    10. The  operating  documents,  including  log  book,  will  be  maintained  and  made  
         available  to  the  FAA  Administrator  upon  request  
    11. The  sUAS  will  be  inspected  and  maintained  according  to  the  Operating  Manual,  
         and  log  entries  will  be  made  to  record  repairs,  alterations,  and  maintenance  
         performed,  to  be  validated  with  a  signature  of  the  PIC  returning  the  sUAS  to  
         service  (if  applicable)  
    12. The  sUAS  will,  at  all  times,  be  programmed  to  automatically  return  to  a  pre-
         determined  location  (in  accordance  with  the  Operating  Manual)  upon  loss  of  
         signal  or  immediately  upon  a  breach  of  the  designated  flight  area  
    13. Prior  to  operation,  the  operator  will  obtain  a  Certificate  of  Authorization,  and:  
    14. the  operator  will  make  a  request  for  a  Notice  to  Airman  not  more  than  72  hours  
         in  advance,  but  not  less  than  48  hours  prior  to  operation.  
  
6.  Aircraft  Description  
  
US2  is  requesting  exemptions  for  its  proprietary  GreenHawk  fixed  wing  aircraft  type,  
beginning  with  serial  number  US2FGH03  and  higher.  We  understand  that  any  exemption  
grants  will  be  for  this  type  only,  and  exemption  requests  for  another  airframe  type  will  
require  the  submission  of  an  additional  exemption  petition  or  an  amendment  to  this  
one.  
     

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                              Page  9  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
7.  Additional  FAA  Conditions  and  Restrictions  
  
While  US2  has  made  every  attempt  to  anticipate  the  concerns  and  conditions  the  FAA  
will  contemplate  while  evaluating  this  request,  we  understand  that  the  FAA  may  wish  to  
impose  additional  restrictions  or  conditions  in  order  to  grant  the  request.    
  
We  ask  that  the  FAA  prescribe  any  additional  requirements  necessary  to  grant  the  
requested  exemptions.  
  
7.  Willing  to  Accept  Existing  Conditions  
  
We  have  provided  the  information  above  to  assist  the  FAA  in  confirming  that  the  
exemption  relief  request  is  warranted.  
  
US2  is  aware  that  the  FAA  has  previously  issued  a  number  of  Grants  of  Exemption,  many  
of  which  grant  relief  similar  in  nature  to  the  exemptions  requested  above.  
  
In  the  interest  of  timeliness,  US2  is  prepared  and  willing  to  accept  the  terms  and  
conditions  of  any  exiting  Grant  of  Exemption  which  the  FAA  feels  is  similar  and  
applicable  to  the  exemption  requests  we  have  made.    
  
For  example,  our  exemption  request  is  materially  similar  to  that  requested  by  Trimble  
Navigation,  Ltd.  and  subsequently  granted  by  Grant  of  Exemption  11110.  More  recently,  
Advanced  Aviation  Solutions  LLC  was  issued  a  similar  request  of  exemption,  granted  
under  Grant  of  Exemption  11136.    
  
We  are  fully  confident  we  can  perform  our  desired  operations  under  a  Grant  of  
Exemption  with  conditions  similar  to  any  of  the  above  listed  Grants  of  Exemption,  or  any  
other  materially  similar  Grant  of  Exemption  already  issued  concerning  commercial  sUAS  
operation.  
  
8.  Appendices  
  
Appendix  A:  US2  GreenHawk  Operating  Manual  
Appendix  B:  US2  Operational  Checklist  
Appendix  C:  US2  Logbook  Entry  -  Flight  
  
Please  note:  Appendices  A,  B,  and  C  are  confidential,  proprietary  information,  being  
provided  for  the  FAA's  consideration  in  granting  the  exemptions  requested  herein.  
These  materials  are  exempt  from  disclosure  under  the  Freedom  of  Information  Act.  

UNMANNED  SENSING  SYSTEMS  LLC                             Page  10  

16000     HORIZON  WAY  STE  700,  MT  LAUREL,  NJ    14-Jan-15    

PETITION  FOR  SECTION  333  EXEMPTION  

  
