April 3, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11254
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0765

Mr. James Ferrandini
President and Lead UAS Operator
Upward Aerial
208 San Rafael Avenue
San Rafael, CA 94901

Dear Mr. Ferrandini:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision
By letter dated September 26, 20141, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) on behalf of Upward Aerial (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial videography and photography for closed-set motion picture, television, and
commercial videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

1 By undated letter posted to the public docket on January 5, 2015, the petitioner responded to the FAA's
Request for Information.
                                                                                                                 2

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on October 17, 2014,
(79 FR 62512). Three comments were received. The Small UAV Coalition (Coalition)
commented in support of the petition, while the Air Line Pilots Association, International
(ALPA) and the National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) opposed it.

In support of the petition, the Coalition stated the petitioner has proposed to abide by stronger
safety measures than hobby and modeler groups operating similar aircraft. The Coalition
stated that it does not believe that heightened safety measures should be required for the
petitioner simply because of the commercial nature of its operations. The Coalition urged the
FAA to adopt an evaluation framework for UAS operations under Section 333 of
Public Law 112­95 that weighs the relative safety issues and risks of UAS by class and
operational circumstances, rather than adopting artificial distinctions among unmanned aerial
vehicles based on commercial and noncommercial operations. The petitioner's UAS pose
considerably less safety risk than larger UAS. The Coalition asserted that because UAS
operations like the petitioner's pose minimal risk to safety, they should be subject to minimal
and appropriate regulations.

The Coalition noted the FAA is to consider the seven factors2 in Section 333 as a minimum.
The Coalition stated the petition shows the FAA should consider factors other than those
specified in Section 333, such as location, altitude of its UAS, and the restricted operating
areas. The Coalition maintained that the petitioner's proposed operations satisfy the seven
factors in Section 333 and include several additional mitigating factors to ensure the safety
and security of the proposed UAS operations. The Coalition emphasized the FAA must
evaluate each factor within the context of the petitioner's proposed UAS operations.

The Coalition also commented that the FAA should grant relief from the requirement to hold
an airman's certificate. The Coalition further stated that if an airman certificate is required
then, at a minimum the, FAA should provide an exception from the training and testing
requirements in part 61 in favor of requirements pertinent to the aircraft and operation
proposed. The Coalition also asserted that in section 333 Congress intended for the FAA to
consider national security with respect to the operation as opposed to addressing it through
pilot certification.

The FAA notes that, as discussed in the grant of exemption to Trimble Navigation Ltd.
(Exemption No. 11110), neither section 333, nor the FAA's exemption authority3 allows the

2 Section 333(b) of P.L. 112-95 states, in part: "In making the determination under subsection (a), the Secretary
shall determine, at a minimum-- (1) which types of unmanned aircraft systems, if any, as a result of their size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual line
of sight do not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public or pose a threat to
national security; ..."
3 49 USC § 44701(f)
                                                                                                                 3

FAA to exempt pilots from the statutory requirement to hold an airman certificate as
prescribed in 49 USC § 44711.
The Coalition commented that a visual observer (VO) should not be required for all small
UAS operation. The Coalition further asserted that the presence of one or more VOs may
allow the UAS to be operated beyond VLOS of the PIC. The FAA notes that one of the
determinations for operations under Section 333 is operation within visual line of sight.

The FAA notes that one of the determinations for operations under section 333 is operation
within visual line of sight. The PIC must maintain VLOS while operating the UA. The FAA
finds that a VO complements the PIC's capability to see and avoid other aircraft, including
when the PIC may be momentarily attending to other flying tasks. The VO provides an
additional level of operational safety.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA noted the
petitioner's reference to operations conducted within "limited or predetermined" sterile areas
is not defined, nor does the petitioner detail procedures for controlling the airspace or area of
operation. Specifically, ALPA stated "there must be means both to ensure that the sUAS
remains within the defined airspace and to ensure that the hazard of other aircraft intruding on
the operation is mitigated." The FAA believes the limitations under which the petitioner will
operate (i.e., VLOS and at or below 400 feet AGL) are sufficient mitigations to this risk so
that the operations will not adversely affect safety.

Regarding the petitioner's statement that the PIC and observer will be able to communicate by
voice or text, ALPA noted that text messaging could have an unknown latency and extend to
several minutes. ALPA also stated that the pilot and observer should be able to maintain a
visual observation of the aircraft and area of operation when using voice communication.
NAAA stated UAS observers must be present and able to communicate with the operator
from the most minimal distance possible. The conditions and limitations regarding PIC and
VO communications address those concerns.

ALPA asserted the UAS's lithium polymer batteries have numerous associated fire and
explosion hazards as outlined in DOT/FAA/AR-09/55, "Flammability Assessment of
Lithium-Ion and Lithium-Ion Polymer Battery Cell Designed for Aircraft Power Usage
(January 2010)," and that the safe carriage of the batteries and the mitigations in place for
known risks should be addressed. The referenced study was primarily conducted to determine
how certain battery cells react in a fire situation aboard manned airplanes. Given the size of
the battery and the operating conditions of the UAS, the FAA concludes that the use of a
lithium polymer battery will not pose an undue safety risk for the proposed operations.

ALPA commented that command and control (C2) link failures are one of the most common
failures on a UAS, and that lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent fly-
aways or other scenarios. The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this exemption
to mitigate the risk associated with such failures.
                                                                                                                 4

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with
an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA also
commented on pilot qualification, stating--

         Just as manned aircraft pilots are required to undergo a rigorous training
         curriculum and show that they are fit to operate a commercial aircraft, so too
         must UAS operators. Holding a commercial certificate holds UAS operators to
         similar high standards as commercial aircraft operators and ensures they are
         aware of their responsibilities as commercial operators within the NAS.
         Medical requirements ensure they have the necessary visual and mental acuity
         to operate a commercial aircraft repeatedly over a sustained period of time.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a sport pilot
certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in the
NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground. Additional discussion of the
FAA's review is found in the FAA's Analysis section of this exemption.

Although the petitioner did not request an exemption from § 91.113, ALPA noted the
petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in § 91.113 given the
absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be operated within VLOS of
the PIC and VO.

ALPA stated all aircraft in the NAS must operate to the same high level of safety. ALPA
argued this includes maintaining a safe altitude for both airplanes and helicopters as required
by § 91.119.

ALPA commented that the aircraft will not have a barometric altimeter as required by
14 CFR § 91.121 ALPA stated that processes or mitigations must be in place to ensure the
UA can accurately maintain altitude including redundant control capability, fail-safe systems,
backups and specific, validated procedures for system and equipment failures must be in
place. The FAA agrees with ALPA and addresses this concern in its analysis of the exemption
from 14 CFR § 91.121, finding that the alternative means of compliance proposed by the
petitioner does not adversely affect safety.

Regarding the fuel requirements of § 91.151, ALPA argued that using batteries as the only
source of an aircraft's power is a substantial shift from traditional methods of propulsion, and
requires further research to determine best safety practices. This comment is addressed in
detail below.
                                                                                                                 5

ALPA also expressed concern that the petition makes no reference to compliance with, or a
request for waiver from, 14 CFR 61.195, Flight instructor limitations and qualifications,
which defines the requirements for flight instructors. A certificated flight instructor is
authorized to provide the instruction required for the certificates or ratings or currency listed
in 14 CFR § 61.193. A person instructing on how to operate the UAS under the petitioner's
training program would not need to be a certificated flight instructor because the instruction is
not being provided for a certificate or rating listed in § 61.193. We note that none of the UAS
operations proposed by the petitioner require such flight instruction because § 61.31(l) allows
for operation of the UAS by an airman who is current per 14 CFR § 61.56 without a category
and class rating. Instruction provided toward obtaining the pilot certificate required by this
exemption would need to be provided by a certificated flight instructor.

ALPA expressed concern on whether the petitioner's UAS can comply with the aircraft light
requirements for night operations in § 91.209, given its limited electric power. This
exemption limits operations to daytime only.

Regarding §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b), ALPA opposed
the petitioner's attempt to avoid compliance with established aircraft maintenance and
recordkeeping requirements. ALPA states the UAS should comply with the same level of
safety as other aircraft operated commercially in the NAS. This comment is addressed in
detail below.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPAs
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each
operator secure a Certificate of Authorization or COA which covers specific details of the
petitioners operation. The FAA recognizes that UAS integration will generate new NAS
access demand and will review and adjust accordingly.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low-level airspace, and therefore clear low-level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see-and-avoid functions
to prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the
potential for collision with agricultural aircraft.

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: (a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations; (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the pilot in command (PIC) and the VO;
and (c) the UAS PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS-B or
                                                                                                                 6

similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, high-visibility markings and
registration numbers. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-
sight of the ground controller, with the assistance of a VO and clear of any low-flying manned
aircraft.

As discussed below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of factors laid
out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain operations. The
Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft operated by the
petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a T600 DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection and/or closed set motion picture
and filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.
Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.
                                                                                                                 7

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Upward Aerial is granted an exemption from 14 CFR
§§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121,
91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to the
extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collectionand/or closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Upward Aerial is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the T600 DJI
         Inspire 1when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
         of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
         are permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
                                                                                        8

be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft
    components.
                                                                                                            9

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14
    CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-
    published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.
                                                                                                          10

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and,
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
                                                                                           11

Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     12

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
James Ferrandini
T: +1 415 686 1666

jamesferrandini@gmail.com

September 26, 2014

U. S. Department of
Transportation Docket
Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave.,
SE Washington, DC
20590

              Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act
              and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14
              C.F.R. 45.23(b);14 CFR Part 21;14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b);
              91.7 (a);91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b); 91.109;91.119; 91.121;
              91.151(a);91.203(a) & (b);91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409
              (a) (2);91.417 (a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:

       Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform
Act of 2012 (the Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Upward Aerial,
operator of Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to
conduct aerial videography and photography for the motion picture,
television, and commercial videography industry for closed set filming,
hereby applies for an exemption from the listed Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so
long as such operations are conducted within and under the
conditions outlined herein or as may be established by the FAA as
required by Section 333.

       As described more fully below, the requested exemption would
permit the operation of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive
sUAS under controlled conditions in the NAS that is 1) limited 2)
predetermined 3) controlled as to access. Approval of this exemption
would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the national airspace system." Section 333(c) of the
Reform Act.

The name and address of the applicant is:

              Upward Aerial
              Attn:James Ferrandini
              Ph:415-686-1666
              Email:jamesferrandini@gmail.com
              Address: 208 San Rafael Ave., San Rafael CA 94901

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) 14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b) 14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress'
goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law
directs the Secretary of Transportation to consider whether certain
unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required
under Section 332 of the Reform Act. In making this determination, the
Secretary is required to determine which types of UASs do not create
a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to national
security in light of the following:
  · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability; 

  · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated
       areas; and 

  · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator.


       Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that

such vehicles "may operate safely in the national airspace system, the
Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such
aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis
added).

       The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority
to issue exemptions. This statutory authority by its terms includes
exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under §40101 of the Act,
that includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must
have a current airworthiness certificate.

       The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of
a regulation prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or
any sections 44702-44716 of this title if the Administrator finds the
exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 USC
§44711(a); 49 USC §44704; 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1).

       Upward Aerial's sUASs are rotorcraft, weighting 55 or fewer lbs.
including payload. They operate, under normal conditions at a speed
of no more than 50 knots and have the capability to hover, and move
in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will operate
only in line of sight and will operate only within a predetermined and
closed off property area under the permission of the property
representative. Such operations will insure that the sUAS will "not
create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public"
as per the Reform Act Section 333 (b).
       Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted
sterile environment within which they will operate, the applicant falls
squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent level of safety) in
which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow
commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due
to the size of the UASs and the restricted areas in which the relevant
sUASs will operate, approval of the application presents no national
security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform
Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended;
the strong equivalent level of safety surrounding the proposed
operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced
emissions associated with allowing UASs for movie and commercial
videography operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in
the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that
the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay.

AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to
civil aircraft that have the characteristics and that operate with the
limitations listed herein. These limitations provide for at least an
equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations are
conducted on closed off property under the permission of the property
owner or property representative.

These limitations and conditions to which Upward Aerial agrees to be
bound when conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued
exemption include:

 1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs. 

  2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or
       observer. 
  3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 30
       minutes. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve
       should that occur prior to the 30 minute 
       limit. 

  4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet
       AGL or, not more than 200 feet above an elevated platform from
       which filming is planned. If a structure being surveyed or
       photographed has a height which exceeds 400 feet AGL, the
       UAS will not exceed 100' in height above the highest point on
       that structure.

  5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot,
       and the Visual Observer.

  6. sUAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC). If the PIC deems
       another operator to be qualified with the necessary skills to be
       PIC, that person can also be designated as PIC provided they
       have a minimum of 40 hours of flight time with the sUAS.

  7. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 100 feet
       from any inhabited structures, buildings, vehicles, vessels, or
       people not associated with the operation or who have not signed
       a waiver in advance of the operation.



  8. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS
       operations prior to each day's production activities. It will be
       mandatory that all personnel involved with the operational duties
       of the flight within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be
       present for this briefing. 
9. The operator will file an FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as
     modified in light of the requested exemption, with the appropriate
     local Flight Standards District Office. 

10. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the
     filming and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed
     within 100 feet of the flight operation, and this radius may be
     reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety
     determination. With the advanced permission of the relevant
     FSDO, operations at closer range can be approved. 

11. The operator will file an FAA Form 7711-1, or its equivalent, as
     modified in light of the requested exemption, with the Flight
     Standards District Office ("FSDO").

12. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS
     generally and received up-to-date information on the particular
     UAS to be operated.

13. The observer designated for any operation will have at least a
     class 2 medical certificate.

14. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by
     voice, radio, and/or text. 

15. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders
     or property representatives will be obtained. 

16. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from
     territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions, including local law
       enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies. 

  17. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the
       UAS will have the capability to return to a pre-determined
       location within the Security Perimeter and land autonomously. 

  18. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of
       unpredicted obstacles, weather, or emergencies.



14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R.
§91.203 (a) (1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the
procedural requirements for the issuance of airworthiness certificates
as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Applicant, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the
requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49
U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize
the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness
certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational
capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates
that the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at
least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the
restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded,
carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and operates exclusively within a secured area.
Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be
tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator and under the
requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements,
to provide security for the area of operation as is now done with
conventional filming. The FAA will have advance notice of all
operations. These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil
aircraft operated in connection with motion picture and television
production, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and
property owners than conventional operations conducted with
airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.
Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no
credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size,
speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials
or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external
load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

The regulation requires:

When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the
registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport
category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft,
the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to
the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor
more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an
exemption may be needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the
cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word "Experimental" can be
placed. Given the size of the sUAV, two-inch lettering will be
impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in
compliance with §45.29 (f).

The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV
marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot,
observer and others working with the sUAV will see the identification
of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following
exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167
and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and
Limitations: Pilot in Command.

Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial
operations. Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the
proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safety of
current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have
no less than 40 hours of flight time with the UAS. Unlike a
conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is
remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of
operation is controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.

The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless it is in airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness
certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no
FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given
the size of the aircraft for maintenance and use of safety check lists
prior to each flight, as set forth in Sections J, L and Q, an equivalent
level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.

       Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:

              
              No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...

              (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not
              required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless there is available
              in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft
              Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and
              placards, or any combination thereof.
       The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place
to carry such a flight manual on the aircraft, not only because there is
no pilot on board, but because there is no room or capacity to carry
such an item on the aircraft.

       The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the
flight manual at the ground control point where the pilot flying the
sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has issued the
following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737,
8738, 9299, 9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and
10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action

       This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain
actions before flight to insure the safety of flight. As FAA approved
rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
exemption will be needed. The PIC will take all actions including
reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff
distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction:

       Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil
aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls.

       sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have
fully functional dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through
the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training
without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for
flight instruction in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K &
9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact that neither
a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size
and speed of the aircraft.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
       Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil
aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows helicopters to be operated at less
than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating the
helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for
helicopters by the FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a
helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at altitudes
up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform from
which filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, the UAS will never operate at higher
than 400 AGL with the exception that in circumstances where the UAS
is used to survey or photograph a structure whose height exceeds 400
feet AGL, the UAS will not be operated more than 100' above the
highest point on the structure. It will however be operated in a
restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will
not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight,
speed of the UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight
will be taken without the permission of the property owner or local
officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and
participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware
of the planned flight operations. Compared to flight operations with
aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs.
proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated
with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the movie
industry. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the sUAS will
ensure separation between these small- UAS operations and the
operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section
91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the
elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric
altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be
needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator,
pursuant to the safety check list and live flight data monitoring,
confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude
indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
Conditions

Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an
airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast
weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During
the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly
after that for at least 45 minutes."

The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 30 minutes of
powered flight. To meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR
§91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to approximately 10 minutes in
length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and the
location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a
longer time frame for flight in daylight or twilight VFR conditions is
reasonable.

Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls
within the scope of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing
Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without compliance with FAR
91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area
where only people and property owners or official representatives who
have signed waivers will be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of
reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that Section
91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the
small UAS. Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would
greatly reduce the utility for which the exemption will be granted.

Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved
by limiting flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery power-- whichever
happens first. This restriction would be more than adequate to return
the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited
operating area.
Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including
Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673, and 10808.

14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification
and Registration

The regulation provides in pertinent part:

(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil
aircraft unless it has within it the following:

(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .

(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness
certificate required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight
authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit
entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and is operated
without an onboard pilot. As such, there is no ability or place to carry
certification and registration documents or to display them on the
sUAS.

An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these
documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying the sUAS
will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are applicable
to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this
regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes
Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and
10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b):
Maintenance Inspections

       These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner
"shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this
part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or
maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
       Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with
an airworthiness certificate, these sections will not apply to the
applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant
to the flight manual and operating handbook. An equivalent level of
safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in
size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas
for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can
land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet
AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to
initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most
familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

      An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because
maintenance and inspections will be performed in accordance with the
UAS Manufacturer's Manual, as referenced in the Aircraft
OperationsManual. As provided in the Operations Manual, the
operator will ensure that the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight and perform required maintenance needed.

Additional Views and Information

       The applicant works for Northern California's busiest wedding
videography company. Aerial videography is in high demand in Napa
for wineries in this world famous wine growing region. Many
videography companies already film and sell their aerial videography
and an example should be shown as to how a safe and legal aerial
videography company can conduct themselves by benefiting not only
the local economy, but also by demonstrating how to go about safe
storage and operation of equipment under specific and safe FAA laws.
I feel I could be a useful example to not only other aerial
videographers out there, but also an example to the public as to how a
safe and educated UAS operator should conduct their aerial
operations.
*********

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for
publication in the Federal Register, should it be determined that
publication is needed:

              Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:
              14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H; 14 C.F.R 45.23(b);14 C.F.R. §§
              61.113( a) & (b);91.7

              (a); 91.9 (b) (2);91.103(b);91.109; 91.119; 91.121;
              91.151(a);91.203(a) and (b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a) (1);
              91.409 (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to
              operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs or
              less) in motion picture, television, and commercial
              videography operations.

       Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of
sUASs in the film industry will enhance safety by reducing risk.
Conventional film operations, using jet or piston power aircraft,
operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the subject being
filmed and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present
the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of
4,000lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for
jet helicopters.) Such aircraft must fly to and from the film location. In
contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by
batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass
and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The sUAS is carried to
the film set. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and,
therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned
aircraft flights.

       The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs.,
conducted in the strict conditions outlined above, will provide an
equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the
requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These
lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in
a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional
operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close
proximity to the ground and people.
Privacy

       All flights will occur over private or controlled access property
with the property representative or owner's prior consent and
knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to
being filmed or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming
will take place.

       All flights will occur in accordance with any state or local laws
regarding privacy.

       Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform
Act of 2012--size, weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to
airports and populated areas and operation within visual line of sight
and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the
grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of
applicant's UAS in the motion picture, television, and commercial
videography industry.
Sincerely,

James Ferrandini
Upward Aerial
President and Lead UAS Operator
