June 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11855
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1163

Mr. Stephen Elms
US Drone Aviation LLC
P.O. Box 7998
Jackson, WY 83002

Dear Mr. Elms:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of US Drone Aviation LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct commercial
operations for inspections, surveying, and conservation reviews.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom, DJI S1000, 3DRobotics X8+, and
3DRobotics X-8M.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, US Drone Aviation LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, US Drone Aviation LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom, DJI
         S1000, 3DRobotics X8+, and 3DRobotics X-8M when weighing less than 55 pounds
         including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
         petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must

    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical

    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons

    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                             April 15 2015

US DRONE AVIATION LLC

U.S. Department of Transportation,
Docket Management System,
1200 New Jersey Avenue SE,
Washington, DC 20590

                    RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14 CFR Part 11,
US Drone Aviation, LLC a Wyoming Corporation, hereby applies for an exemption from Federal
Aviation Regulations (FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small
unmanned aerial system (i.e., sUAS).

We have enclosed US Drone Aviation's Flight Operations Operations Manual1, the sUAS
manufacturer's operations flight, instruction manual, and maintenance manuals and any other
requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

The requested exemption would permit US Drone Aviation to pursue its commercial interests in
providing services to clients using small advanced sUAS in rural or sparsely populated Wyoming,
with particular focus on the following commercial areas:

     · Oil and Gas Infrastructure Monitoring and Inspection Services !
     · Mining Inspections !
     · Aerial Surveying !
     · Industrial Facilities I! nspections
     · Conservation Reviews
     · General Video and Photography assignments
     · Inspection of Power and Wind Towers

In addition to the waiver authority provided in Section 333 of the Modernization Act, the FAA
may grant an exemption under 49 U.S.C. Section 44701(f) if it has determined that such an
exemption is in the public interest.

Granting an Exemption is in the Public Interest.

Oil and gas personnel routinely inspect well heads, flare stacks and underlying infrastructure,
such as pipelines. At present, primarily personnel in motor vehicles, or on foot do this work.
While the oil and gas industry does all it can to make these inspections as safe as possible, there is
always an element of risk involved whenever employees are required to inspect structures.
Personnel may need to climb over or onto structures, which can be slippery, rough, and/or
exposed to the elements. Some structures, such as Flare stacks, are high above the ground and
require costly "shut downs" for inspections. The use of sUAS for infrastructure and general asset
evaluation would reduce the risks to personnel by allowing for remote aerial review.

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!1 US Drone Aviation submits the US Drone Aviation Flight Operations Manual as a Confidential document under 14 CFR §11.35(b),

the entire content of the Manual contain confidential commercial and proprietary information that US Drone Aviation has not and will

!not share with others. This Manual contains operating procedures and training procedures that are not available to the public and are

protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC § 552 (b) (4).
Additionally, the sheer amount of Oil and Gas assets and the widely dispersed locations ­ in
many instances far from sizeable population centers ­ means that visual inspection in all instances
by company personnel can be inefficient. For example, Oil and Gas infrastructure in the Upper
Green River Basin of Western Wyoming cover 100,000's of acres, remote from qualified
analysts. Aerial analysis by traditional fixed wing aircraft is impractical because the required
altitudes for safe flight reduce visibility below meaningful levels ­ it is simply not possible to see
all asset anomalies from such heights, plus it is cost prohibitive. By using sUAS for asset
evaluation, US Drone Aviation will be able to substantially upgrade the industry's capacity to
detect and address issues expeditiously and in a safer manner. Thus, the use of sUAS has the
potential to improve efficiency, resulting in faster and safer delivery of oil and gas, vital to the
U.S. economy.

Regulations from which exemption is requested:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
1! 4 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
1! 4 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)!
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b) (2)!
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F.R. 91.119!
14 C.F.R. 91.121
!14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)!
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.205(b)!
1! 4 C.F.R. 91.401 ­ 91.417

An exemption would allow US Drone Aviation to broadly evaluate assets and operations with
sUAS, resulting in a safer and more efficient inspection and monitoring regime in the resource
industries. Accordingly, the grant of an exemption is consistent with Congress' intent, reflected in
Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Modernization Act), that safe
systems be permitted in the national airspace prior to the issuance of final regulations governing
general use of these systems

This exemption would permit commercial operation by US Drone Aviation, which uses DJI
Phantom, DJI S-1000, 3D Robotics 8+ & 8M sUAS' to conduct infrastructure inspections of oil
and gas facilities and other inspections of infrastructure in the resource and communications
industries in sparsely populated areas of Wyoming. USDA's operation under the exemption will
be subject to strict operating requirements and conditions to ensure an equivalent level of safety
to currently authorized operations using manned aircraft and under conditions as maybe modified
by the FAA as required by Section 333.

US Drone Aviation states that all sUAS flights will occur over private or controlled access
property, will do so with the property owner's consent and knowledge, and only people who have
consented or agreed will be in the area where flights will take place. !

Furthermore the petitioner will only operate its sUAS in line-of-sight ( VLOS) of a pilot and/or
observer and will operate at sites in Wyoming that are `sufficient distance' from populated areas
within the sterile area described in the US Drone Aviation's Operating Manual. Such operations
will ensure that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the
public." !

Additionally, US Drone Aviation's crew will consist of a sUAS pilot who will hold a FAA
Private Pilots License with a Class III Medical Certificate. plus an Observer ( VO). If observers
are not qualified pilots, they will attend a ground school to understand the proper roles of an
observer, communication procedures, and proper visual scan techniques, operations at non-
towered airports and appropriate sections of the Aeronautical Information Manual (AIM).

In keeping with previous exemptions granted, we will ensure that operations will not occur within
5 miles of an airport. ! !The sUAS operated by US Drone Aviation all weigh less than 25 pounds,
including payload (i.e. sensors, camera, lens, and stabilized gimbal), and operate at speeds below
50knots, and will not be operated at altitudes that exceed 400 feet AGL.
Given the small size of the sUAS and the restricted sterile environment within w! hich it will
operate, US Drone Aviation's operations adhere to the Reform Act's safety requirements. !The
fact the pilot holds an FAA Private Pilot license demonstrates US Drone Aviation's high regard
for safe operations with an understanding of FARs, pre- flight inspections, knowledge of
operations and differences in airspace classifications, maintenance and repair, as well as being
trained to high safety standards. !Under the requested exemption, US Drone Aviation ensures all
crews have completed sUAS education and training programs including all applicable regulations
and guidance documents; including aeronautical background information such as charts,
NOTAMS and Aircraft Circulars; Radio Communications Procedures; Human Factors and Crew
Resource Management; Basic sUAS Aerodynamics; Weather factors; Airmanship and Decision-
making and Safe Operations Procedures. !

We respectively request exemption under Section 333 to enable US Drone Aviation to operate
efficient, limited, low-risk commercial sUAS operations for the activities stated, respecting at all
times the space and privacy of citizens and property while keeping airspace safe. !
Sincerely

S! tephen Elms
U! S Drone Aviation LLC
P.O. Box 7998,
Jackson, WY 83002 !

(307) 264-2959

steve@USDroneAviation.com
EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

US Drone Aviation requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as any
additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the sUAS System:

14 CFR Part 21, Airworthiness Certificates

This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, we
request an experimental certificate be issued for the 1/ DJI Phantom 2, 2/ DJI S-1000 3/ 3D
Robotics 8m, and 4/ 3D Robotics x8+ under either, or both, of the following provisions:

21.191 Experimental certificates. Experimental certificates are issued for the following
purposes:(! a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft
equipment, new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for
aircraft. !(b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations
to show compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for
issuance of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes,
and flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.
Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys,
sales demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental
certificate would permit our commercial purpose as well. The aircraft will not carry persons or
property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict operational requirements. Combined
with the UA's lightweight, being constructed primarily of carbon fiber and plastic, we propose
that the UA will be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally certificated aircraft
performing the same mission. If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for
this application, then we request an exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement
for an airworthiness certificate in general, citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the
previous paragraph.

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks

These regulations provide that each aircraft must display N and the aircraft's registration number
in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
EXPERIMENTAL in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station. The sUAV does not have an entrance in which the word EXPERIMENTAL can be
placed, and may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA. We propose to achieve
an equivalent level of safety by including the word EXPERIMENTAL in the placard on the top of
the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC, VO and others in the vicinity of the aircraft while it
is preparing for launch will be able to see the designation. Additionally, we feel that the
permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration
information at the ground station. Finally, we will display at the ground station a high contrast
flag or banner that contains the words Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station in letters 3 inches high
or greater. Since the aircraft will operate within VLOS or approx. 1500 feet of the ground station,
the banner should be visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its
point of origin.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations. !The regulation provides that no person who holds a
Private Pilot certificate may act as pilot in Command of an aircraft for compensation or hire.
Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot in command of an aircraft in connection
with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or
employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.
Our proposed operations require that the PIC must hold at least a Private Pilot Certificate issued
by the FAA and since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, we feel we meet the intent
of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct a business.

14 CFR 91.7 Prohibits the Operation of an aircraft without an airworthiness certificate. !

As no such certificate will be applicable in the form contemplated by the FARs, this Regulation is
inapplicable.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.

This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. We assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight
manual information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. We request an
exemption to this requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation, the
documentation would not be available to the crew during flight operations. To obtain an
equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, we propose that a current, approved sUAS
Flight Manual must be available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft is in, or
preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests. !

The regulation states, "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls". The sUAS System ground-
based control station consists of a hand-held radio transmitter and while it does not offer a second
set of controls, both the student and instructor can, and will, operate the single set of controls
simultaneously. With both student and instructor having hands-on the controls during flight, this
technique meets the intent 91.109 and provides an equivalent level of safety.

91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.

The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer than
500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the typical mission of the sUAS would
be inspection, photography or survey at close range it would be necessary to operate closer than
500 feet to the items listed. Operations will only be flown over property or persons where
permission has been obtained and careful pre-planning has been performed. The aircraft will be
operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue
hazard to persons or property on the surface. Therefore we maintain that due to the small size of
the UAS, the hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft,
which should be considered in granting the exemption.

CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.

The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft. The sUAS will always fly below 400 feet AGL
and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in order to prevent conflict with other aircraft. An
Above Ground Level altimeter measurement above the takeoff point is transmitted via radio from
the sUAS on-board computer to the display screen held by the PIC, providing a constantly
updated AGL readout.

14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.

The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day- VFR
conditions unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after
that for at least 30 minutes. We feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy reserve
as a safety buffer for delays to landing. The sUAV is battery operated and the maximum duration
of flight from a single battery charge is 12 minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the aircraft will
never fly more than 1500 feet from the point of intended landing, a full battery charge at launch
will ensure that we meet the reserve energy requirement of this paragraph. We request an
exemption to the word fuel and ask for an equivalent interpretation with the word energy.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.

The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to
the aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph
(b) provides that the airworthiness certificate be displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that
it is legible to passengers or crew. At a maximum gross weight of 25 pounds, the sUAS is too
small to carry documentation, does not have an entrance, and is not capable of carrying
passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, we
propose that documents deemed appropriate for this aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with
the crew at the ground control station and available for inspection upon request. In order to
identify the aircraft, we propose that the information found on airworthiness and registration
certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing the following information
plus the word EXPERIMENTAL to satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23.

14 C.F.R. 91.205(b)! Required Instruments.
This regulation provides for a minimum set of operational instruments for all powered aircraft
operating VFR. The Command and Control station for the sUAS fulfills the operational
equivalent.

14 CFR Subpart E 91.401- 91.417 - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations!

The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in
an airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and 91.409
require that the aircraft be approved for return to service by a person authorized under 43.7,after
maintenance and inspection. It is our intention that the PIC performs maintenance and inspection
of the aircraft and be authorized to approve the aircraft for return to service. The PIC will ensure
that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition conduct detailed
inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to
repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and updating
software and firmware for the on-board computer. All other maintenance will be performed by
the manufacturer or their designated repair facility. The PIC will document work performed in
accordance with 91.417. We feel that due to the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft,
the PIC can ensure an equivalent level of safety.
PUBLISHABLE SUMMARY

Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal
Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

14 C.F.R. Part 21
!14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
!14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)!
14 C.F.R. 91.9(b) (2)!
14 C.F.R. 91.109!
14 C.F.R. 91.119!
14 C.F.R. 91.121
!14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)!
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.205(b)!
14 C.F.R. 91.401 ­ 91.417

US Drone Aviation proposes to operate commercially a small unmanned aircraft system (sUAS)
(25lbs or less).

Approval of exemptions for US Drone Aviation LLC a Wyoming Corporation will allow
commercial operations of sUAS' in the oil and natural gas well inspection industry, and other
commercial activities, enhancing safety by removing the risk of physical harm to inspectors
otherwise exposed to potentially dangerous conditions at the well heads. In contrast, a sUAS
weighing fewer than 25lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk to the
personnel involved and provides a maintenance record for review by experts remotely, if
required.

The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 25lbs., conducted in the strict conditions
outlined, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions
requested herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a
low risk, low population environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft operating in close proximity to the ground and
people. The intended use of the sUAS operations contemplated by this petition is in the public
interest because it clearly satisfies exemplary uses of sUAS to replace work by humans that is
potentially dangerous, and at the same time provides an equivalent or greater level of safety.
