June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11810
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1082

Ryan P. Corey
Vertical Imagery LLC
P.O. Box 1345
2275 Dead Indian Memorial Road
Ashland, OR 97520

Dear Mr. Corey:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 13, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Vertical Imagery LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial data
collectionand research.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI T600.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Vertical Imagery LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Vertical Imagery LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI T600 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                           Page 1

      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

              WASHINGTON, DC

Regulatory Docket No. _______________

                 IN THE MATTER OF THE PETITION FOR EXEMPTION OF:
   VERTICAL IMAGERY LLC FOR AN EXEMPTION SEEKING RELIEF FROM THE
  REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE 14 OF THE CODE OF FEDERAL REGULATIONS (14
CFR) PART 21 SECTIONS; § 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.203(a)

           and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b).
         CONCERNING OPERATION OF AN UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM

                               PURSUANT TO SECTION 333 OF THE
                     FAA MODERNIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2012

                                                  Submitted on April 13, 2015
                                                            Vertical Imagery LLC
                                                                    Ryan P. Corey
                                                                    P.O. Box 1345

                                           2275 Dead Indian Memorial Road
                                                             Ashland, OR 97520
                                                                   (541) 488-2880

                                           ryan@timberlandhelicopters.com

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS  Page 2

Glossary of abbreviations                                 3
                                                          4
Summary                                                   4
                                                          5
Introduction and interests of the petitioner              6

Background                                                7
                                                          7
Proven operational history of DJI T600 in                 8

the NAS                                                 10

Basis for petition                                      11
                                                        12
Name and address of petitioner
                                                        12
Specific sections of C.F.R. from which
                                                        13
Vertical Imagery seeks exemption

Reasons why granting Vertical Imagery's

request would be in the public interest

Flight Operations

Flight operations of Vertical Imagery's UAV

is limited to line of sight of the PIC with a

Visual Observer

Operation of Vertical Imagery's UAV will

be conducted pursuant to the Standard

Operating Procedures manual

Conclusion

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                   Page 3

      GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS

AGL   Above Ground Level

ATC   Air Traffic Control

COA   Certificate of Authorization

FAA   Federal Aviation Administration

FAR   Federal Aviation Regulation

NAS   National Airspace System

PIC Pilot In Command

Section 333 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Section 333

SOP   Standard Operating Procedures

UAS   Unmanned Aircraft System

UAV   Unmanned Aerial Vehicle

UH Unmanned Helicopter

VFR   Visual Flight Rules

VMC   Visual Meteorological Conditions

VO Visual Observer

VTOL  Vertical Take Off and Landing

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 4

                                                   SUMMARY
         Vertical Imagery LLC seeks exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2),
and 91.417(a) & (b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333
of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. In consideration of the speed,
weight, size, and limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and its
operation, Vertical Imagery LLC's operation of the DJI T600 "Inspire 1" Unmanned
Helicopter meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333 and therefore, will not require an
airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. This
exemption will permit Vertical Imagery LLC to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System for
the commercial purpose of conducting aerial data collection and research within the
National Airspace System.

                   INTRODUCTION AND INTERESTS OF THE PETITIONER
         Vertical Imagery LLC (Hereinafter referred to as "Vertical Imagery") is owned and
managed by professional, highly experienced commercial helicopter pilots who are Part
133, 135, and 137 current. Vertical Imagery's pilots have an extensive history of power
line and utility patrol, wildlife survey, electronic news gathering, search & rescue, and
firefighting work across the Pacific Northwest. Vertical Imagery has recently acquired
and been flight testing a DJI Inspire 1 Unmanned Helicopter which it plans to use for
commercial operations including power line and public utility inspections, wildland fire
patrols, aerial surveys, electronic news gathering, and aid in search & rescue
operations. Vertical Imagery's lead pilot on the project has over 2000 hours helicopter
flight time, as well as over 20 years experience and thousands of hours of UAV flight
time. Vertical Imagery plans to work side by side with its sister company to diversify
their fleet of aircraft with an unmanned helicopter in order to meet the needs of a
continually evolving market while striving for an ever increasing level of safety to their
employees and customers.

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 5

                                               BACKGROUND
         Vertical Imagery seeks an exemption to operate a DJI model T600 unmanned
helicopter known as the "Inspire 1" for compensation or hire within the national airspace
system. The Inspire 1 is comprised of a 4 rotor helicopter with attached HD camera
system and a transportable ground station. The Inspire 1 UH has a maximum gross
weight of approximately six and a half pounds (6.5 lbs.) and the following technical and
operational specifications:

Weight (Battery and Camera included) ................................. 6.5 lbs.
Dimensions ........................................................................... 17.3" x 17.8" x 11.9"
Hover Accuracy (GPS Mode)

         Vertical ....................................................................... 1.6 ft.
         Horizontal ................................................................... 8.2 ft.
Max Angular Velocity
         Pitch ........................................................................... 300°/sec.
         Yaw ............................................................................ 150°/sec.
Max Tilt Angle ....................................................................... 35°
Max Ascent Speed ................................................................ 16 ft./sec.
Max Descent Speed .............................................................. 13 ft./sec.
Max Air Speed ..................................................................... 49 mph
Service Ceiling ...................................................................... 14,500 ft.
Max Flight Time .................................................................... 18 min. approx.
Motor Model .......................................................................... DJI 3510
Rotor Blade Model ................................................................ DJI 1345
Operating Temperature Range ............................................. -10°to 40°C
Supported Battery ................................................................. DJI Intelligent Battery
Type ...................................................................................... 6S Lithium Polymer
Capacity
         Standard Battery ........................................................ 4700 mAh, 22.2 V
         Optional Battery ......................................................... 5700 mAh, 22.8 V

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 6
Operating Frequency ............................................................ 2.4~2.483 GHz

                                                                                 5.725~5.825 GHz
EIRP ..................................................................................... 20 dBm @ 2.4G

                                                                                 13 dBm @ 5.8G
         The Inspire 1 UH that will be operated by Vertical Imagery will be registered in
accordance with 49 U.S.C. 44103, Registration of Aircraft, as well as 14 C.F.R. Part 47,
Aircraft Registration, and marked in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Identification
and Registration Marking.

Figure 1: DJI T600 "Inspire 1"

               PROVEN OPERATIONAL HISTORY OF DJI T600 IN THE NAS
         Many DJI T600's are currently operating safely within the NAS both as hobby and
commercial UAV's. The UH has onboard stability systems, compass, ground sensing
sonic altimeters, and GPS. All of these allow the UH to hover with pinpoint precision and
also take off and land autonomously. There is a failsafe built into the system allowing
the UH to return to a predetermined point (known as "home") at a predetermined
altitude in the event of a control link failure between the aircraft and PIC. It will also
automatically return home when the battery has reached a predetermined level, which
ensures the aircraft will land before the battery level becomes critical. DJI is the world
leader in UAS technology and also makes several other models which have logged
Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 7

countless hours across the world with great success, giving DJI a reputation for some of
the best technology, popularity, and reliability in the industry.

                                                BASIS FOR PETITION
         Petitioner, Vertical Imagery, pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Aviation
Regulations (14 C.F.R. § 11.61) and the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012,
Section 333, Special Rules for Certain Unmanned Aircraft Systems, hereby petitions the
Administrator for an exemption from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) & (b),
91.7(a), 91.121, 91.151(b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) & (2), and 91.417(a) &
(b), to operate an Unmanned Aircraft System pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. In consideration of the speed, weight, size, and
limited operating area associated with the unmanned aircraft and its operation, Vertical
Imagery's operation of the DJI Inspire 1 UAS meets the conditions of FMRA Section 333
and therefore, will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
Part 21, Subpart H. In accordance with 14 C.F.R. § 11.81, Vertical Imagery provides the
following information in support of its petition for exemption:

                           NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PETITIONER
Vertical Imagery LLC
P.O. Box 1345
Ashland, OR 97520

The point of contact for Vertical Imagery's petition and specific contact information is as
follows:

Ryan P. Corey
Vertical Imagery LLC
P.O. Box 1345
Ashland, OR 97520
(541) 488-2880
ryan@timberlandhelicopters.com

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 8

     THE SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH VERTICAL IMAGERY
                                            SEEKS EXEMPTION

14 C.F.R. § 61.113(a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in
command.

         Sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
Because the UAV will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC
operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's
license to operate the small UAV. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and
passengers, Vertical Imagery's UAV is remotely controlled with no living thing on board.
The area of operation shall be controlled and restricted, and all flights are planned and
coordinated in advance as set forth in the Vertical Imagery SOP. The level of safety
provided by the requirements included in the SOP exceeds that provided by a single
individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The
risks associated with the operation of the UAV is so diminished from the level of risk
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that
allowing operations of this UAV as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the
present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) & (b).

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
         The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in

airworthy condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft,
should Vertical Imagery's exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist
for determining airworthiness. Given the small size and simplicity of the aircraft and the
requirements contained in the SOP and Maintenance Manual for maintenance and use
of preflight check lists prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter settings.
         The regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising

altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                      Page 9

airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the UAS does
not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS height AGL read out and a sonic
ground proximity sensor, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by way of the UAS recording its position as zero feet AGL upon
powering on, and during flight the height AGL is displayed in real time to the PIC's
display. The UH is also equipped with a sonic ground proximity sensor which detects
height AGL and automatically corrects the flight altitude to help prevent inadvertent flight
into terrain.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(b): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
         Section 91.151(b) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in a rotorcraft

under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there
is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising
speed, to fly after that for at least 20 minutes." The batteries powering the Inspire 1
provide approximately 18 minutes of powered flight, therefore meeting the 20 minute
reserve requirement is not possible. Vertical Imagery believes that an equivalent level of
safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 25% of remaining battery power. The UAS is
also equipped with an audio warning which is set to notify the pilot at a predetermined
battery level remaining. If the battery drops below this level, the UH will automatically
return home and land, preventing the UH from being in the air when the battery reaches
critically low levels. Vertical Imagery's 25% restriction and the UAS's automated
systems would be more than adequate to return the UH to its planned landing zone
from anywhere in their limited operating area.

14 C.F.R. §91.405(a); 407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance inspections.
         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness

certificate, these sections will not apply to Vertical Imagery. Maintenance will be
accomplished by Vertical Imagery pursuant to the SOP, User Manual, and Maintenance
Manual. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because the UAS will still receive
both scheduled and preventative maintenance. As provided in the SOP, Vertical
Imagery will ensure that the Inspire 1 is in working order prior to initiating flight, perform

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                     Page 10

required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the
aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety.

REASONS WHY GRANTING VERTICAL IMAGERY'S REQUEST WOULD BE IN THE
                                             PUBLIC INTEREST

         Granting the present petition will further the public interest by allowing Vertical
Imagery to safely, efficiently, and economically assist its sister company in performing
aerial inspection services of power transmission towers, lines and other public utilities,
along with conducting aerial surveys, electronic news gathering, wildland fire perimeter
patrols, and aiding is search & rescue operations.

         Use of the Vertical Imagery UH for public utilities will increase worker safety by
reducing human exposure to climbing towers and reduce the need to fly manned
helicopters close to transmission towers for inspection purposes. This will also reduce
the amount of time required to perform both routine and emergency inspections of the
utilities.

         Conducting aerial surveys with the UH will reduce the need to fly biologists low
and slow over sometimes heavily forested areas in order to take accurate counts. This
will also greatly reduce harassment to wildlife due to the UH having a much smaller,
almost imperceptible, noise signature.

         Smaller news stations often don't have the budget to pay full sized helicopters to
perform aerial work. Utilizing Vertical Imagery's UAS will allow local stations to better
gather information and provide the public with more timely and accurate news.

         Vertical Imagery works in conjunction with many fire agencies including local,
state, and federal who are very interested in the benefits of a UAS to provide better
understandings of wildland fire perimeter conditions. This can greatly benefit fire
agencies by allowing them to quickly get aerial views of the fire, allowing them to make
faster, more informed decisions.

         Vertical Imagery also works with several public agencies conducting search and
rescue operations. These operations can be enhanced with a UAS by allowing an "eye
in the sky" to quickly and efficiently aid in searches.

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                     Page 11

                                           FLIGHT OPERATIONS
         Operations will only be conducted in the continental United States. As stated in
Vertical Imagery's SOP, proposed areas of aerial operations include areas that are:
1. Not over congested areas or near large gatherings of people.
2. Not within 5 miles of any airport without airport manager's permission.
3. Not within 100 yards of persons or property non-essential to the mission.
5. UH will remain within visual line of sight of the PIC and VO.
6. No flight above 400 feet AGL.
         14 C.F.R. §1.1 defines rotorcraft as "a heavier-than-air aircraft that depends
principally on its support in flight on the lift generated by one or more rotors." It also
defines helicopter as "a rotorcraft that, for its horizontal motion, depends principally on
its engine driven rotors." The Inspire 1 meets these criteria and therefore should not
require a waiver to operate under §91.119 since it can fulfill the requirements of
§91.119(d). However, Vertical Imagery will take an added level of safety and not
operate over any congested area in addition to operating with extra requirements as per
its SOP.
         Vertical Imagery will operate its UAV by regulations such as the ICAO
(International Civil Aviation Organization) and the FAA's own national airspace
regulations. In order to increase flight safety and prevent accidental flights in restricted
areas, thorough preflight action will be taken to ensure no airspace violations will occur.
As stated in the SOP, extra measures will also be taken to ensure operations are
always conducted in class G airspace in day VMC with 3 miles visibility. Vertical
Imagery's customers often require flights to occur with as little as 2-3 hours notice,
therefore a requirement to obtain a NOTAM prior to each flight will greatly hinder the
ability of Vertical Imagery to fulfill its customers' needs. These are jobs which are
normally performed by Vertical Imagery's sister company with a manned helicopter, and
being able to do these missions with an unmanned helicopter will not only provide an
equivalent level of safety, but introduce an added level of safety and service to Vertical
Imagery's customers.

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                     Page 12

  FLIGHT OPERATIONS OF VERTICAL IMAGERY'S UAV IS LIMITED TO LINE OF
                        SIGHT OF THE PIC WITH A VISUAL OBSERVER

         Vertical Imagery will only utilize PIC's with a valid Private Pilot rating certificate
issued by the FAA for operation of the UAS and a valid Class II Medical Certificate
along with extensive company training as listed in the SOP. Additionally, all pilots will be
assisted by a Visual Observer. The PIC and VO must meet the requirements as set
forth by the SOP which include training, briefings, and remaining within voice
communication range throughout the flight. Both the VO and PIC will remain within line
of sight of the UH during the operation.

 OPERATION OF VERTICAL IMAGERY'S UAV WILL BE CONDUCTED PURSUANT
                 TO THE STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURES MANUAL

         Vertical Imagery's SOP will control operation of the UAS and will significantly
contribute to maintaining the level of safety contemplated by the airworthiness certificate
requirements from which Vertical Imagery now seeks relief. Pursuant to the
Maintenance Manual, User Manual, SOP, and 14 C.F.R. § 43.13, entitled Performance
Rules (general), each person performing maintenance, alteration, or preventive
maintenance on Vertical Imagery's UH, motors, rotors, hardware, guidance systems or
appliances shall use the methods, techniques, and practices prescribed in the current
manufacturer's Maintenance Manual or Instructions for Continued Airworthiness
prepared by its manufacturer, or other methods, techniques, and practices acceptable
to the Administrator. Each person shall use the tools, equipment, and test apparatus
necessary to assure completion of the work in accordance with accmkojnnk;epted
industry practices. A copy of the SOP, Maintenance Manual, and Flight Record &
Maintenance Log which is proprietary information to Vertical Imagery, is attached hereto
as Exhibit B, and is to be held in a separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
                                                                                                                     Page 13
                                                CONCLUSION
Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012--size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and
operation within visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate
justification for the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of
applicant's UAS pursuant to the manual's appended hereto.
_____________________________
Submitted on April 13, 2015
Ryan P. Corey
Vertical Imagery LLC
P.O. Box 1345
2275 Dead Indian Memorial Road
Ashland, OR 97520
(541) 488-2880
ryan@timberlandhelicopters.com

Vertical Imagery LLC Section 333 Petition
