August 18, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12500
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-1256

Ms. Lacey Szekely
Owner
Vertical Vantage, Inc.
5600 Caleb Drive
Fallon, NV 89406

Dear Ms. Szekely:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated July 12, 2015, and response posted to docket on July 22, 2015, you petitioned
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of Vertical Vantage, Inc. (hereinafter
petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned
aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Vertical Vantage, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Vertical Vantage, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Lacey Szekely
Vertical Vantage, Inc.
5600 Caleb Dr.
Fallon, NV 89406

(541)727-1286
Docket No. FAA-2015-1256

*Note: After submitting my original petition on April 2, 2015 for exemption with respect
to the DJI Phantom 2, DJI released a more sophisticated UAS; the Inspire 1. I have
purchased the DJI Inspire 1 and am seeking an exemption for that UAS. All
specifications, manuals and pertinent information are attached. All requests for
exemption using the Phantom 2 have been removed from this docket.

Additional Information:

I. Regulations from which Exemption is Requested

Relief is requested from the following FAR's:

         A. 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates and 14 CFR
                  91.203(a) (1)

         B. 14 CFR 61.56: Flight Review
         C.14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations
         D. 14 CF R 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
         E. 14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter settings
         F. 14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions
         G. 14 CFR 91.405 (a):Maintenance required; 91.407 (a) (1): Operation after
         maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration; 91.409 (a)
         (2): Inspections; 91.417 (a) & (b): Maintenance records

A. 14 CFR Part 21; Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates and 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1)

Vertical Vantage requests exemption from attaining airworthiness certificates required
by 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1). Section 333 of the Reform Act allows the FAA to exempt
aircraft from the requirement of an airworthiness certificate in consideration of the size,
weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of
the UAS.

Equivalent of Safety

The DJI Inspire 1 weighs 6.4 lbs to include payload, no persons on board, and no
flammable fuels. The operational location can be preloaded using GPS way points to
include route altitude and speed. The DJI Inspire 1 also has a return to home button
which safely brings the drone back to its starting point. The PIC and VO will do a
thorough preflight to determine the airworthiness of the Inspire 1 prior to each flight on
location. The safety guidelines will be followed from the Inspire 1 User Manual, Flight
Operations Manual, and preflight checklist.

B. 14 CFR 61.56: Flight Review

Vertical Vantage requests exemption from 14 CFR 61.56 which requires the PIC to
conduct a flight review consisting of a minimum of 1 hour of flight training and 1 hour of
ground training. This requirement is not pertinent to the safe operations of the Inspire 1.

Equivalent of Safety

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved by following the procedures of the
manufacturer in the Inspire 1 User Manual and Flight Operations manual. Maintaining
currency and proficiency are a top priority for Vertical Vantage Inc. Bi-monthly flights
will be the minimum requirement for operation of the Inspire 1. These flights, if not for
business purposes will consist of at least 18 minutes (battery life limit) of flight time with
Inspire 1, and 10 manual (no GPS) take off and landings.

C. 14 CFR 61.113: Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command

Vertical Vantage requests exemption from 14 CFR 61.113(a) which states that Except
as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person who holds a private
pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft that is carrying passengers or
property for compensation or hire; nor may that person, for compensation or hire, act as
pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft
in connection with any business or employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

The UAS will only carry a camera onboard for hire. No living thing at anytime will be
carried, therefor an exemption from the above requirement is requested.
Equivalent of Safety

While being used for commercial and private use, the UAS will never carry live people,
animals, or creatures, and therefore has a much lower operational safety requirement
than a passenger craft.

D. 14 CFR 91.119(c): Minimum safe altitudes

Vertical Vantage request exemption from 14 CFR 91.119(c), which states that except
when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the
following altitudes:
(a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.
(b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or
over any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest
obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.
(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

Equivalent of Safety

Due to the small size, weight, limited speed and absence of flammable liquids on board,
the Inspire 1 is safer than an airplane. Flying will only occur with the proper consent of
the property owners and/or local officials. This permission will give ample time for all
owners and neighbors to be aware of the times of operation. Multiple signs will be
posted to ensure people are aware when drone operations are being conducted. At no
time will the UAS be operated at or near any airport, exceed 400ft AGL, and or be flown
over any person, vessel, vehicle or structure without prior coordination and permission
of the concerned parties (i.e. base operations, FBO, marina operations manager, etc.).

E. 14 CFR 91.121: altimeter setting

Vertical Vantage requests exemption from 14 CFR 91.121 which states that:
(a) Each person operating an aircraft shall maintain the cruising altitude or flight level of
that aircraft, as the case may be, by reference to an altimeter that is set, when
operating--
(1) Below 18,000 feet MSL, to--
(i) The current reported altimeter setting of a station along the route and within 100
nautical miles of the aircraft;
(ii) If there is no station within the area prescribed in paragraph (a)(1)(i) of this section,
the current reported altimeter setting of an appropriate available station; or
(iii) In the case of an aircraft not equipped with a radio, the elevation of the departure

    airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure.
The UAS needs an exemption because there is not a configurable barometric altimeter
on board.

Equivalent of Safety

Precise altitude control is accomplished easily by two methods. The first is done by pre-
loading the precise GPS waypoints for the intended route of flight, to include altitude
and airspeed. The second is done while operating in a manual flight mode by inputing a
maximum allowable altitude into the flight control system on the controller. This limit
prevents the Inspire 1 from ever exceeding that altitude. At no time will this limit exceed
400ft AGL in either pre-planned or manual mode. The Inspire 1 will also remain within
visual line of sight at all times.

F. 14 CFR 91.151(a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Vertical Vantage requests exemption from 14 CFR 91.151(a), which states that: (a) No
person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless (considering wind
and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended
landing and, assuming normal cruising speed--
(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or
(2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

The Inspire 1 uses an 18 minute battery therefore cannot meet the criteria for this
requirement.

Equivalent of Safety

Planning all flights to land after 15 minutes or 25% battery power remaining, whichever
comes first, would provide equal safety conditions. The Inspire 1 has a safety feature
which automatically returns it directly to the point of origin or planned destination,
whichever is closer, upon reaching 25% battery power remaining. This prevents power
loss in flight. Additionally if the remote controller is low on batteries the pilot can
manually command the Inspire 1 to return to the point of origin with the push of a button.
This prevents any case where airborne control of the drone may be lost due to a dead
remote control. This function can be activated at distances greater than visual range,
however Vertical Vantage will only operate the UAS in visual line of sight and day VFR
conditions.

G. 14 CFR 91.405(a) Maintenance required;91.407(a)(1) Operation after
maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration; 91.409(a)
Inspections; 91.417(a)&(b) Maintenance records

Vertical Vantage request exemption from maintenance and inspection requirements
from 14 CFR 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a), and 91.417(a)&(b). An exemption is
required for aircraft holding an airworthiness certificate. Presuming an approval for
waiver of 14 CFR Part 21, subpart H and 14 CFR 91.203(a)(1) the Inspire 1 will not
require an airworthiness certificate. The Inspire 1 does not hold this certificate.

Equivalent of Safety

Ensuring the UAS is operational before a flight is key to maintaing an excellent safety
record. Keeping a log book for all maintenance preformed and any maintenance test
flights will be recorded. This will ensure proper user maintenance is conducted on time.
All maintenance will be in accordance with the DJI user manual.

II. Public Interest

This exemption is in the public's interest because it offers a more cost effective, more
efficient way of supporting their needs with increased safety. The use of a lightweight
UAS offers the general public something only successful companies could afford; views
from the sky. These aerial views can benefit small and large businesses alike.

The Inspire 1 is a safer alternative than other methods like hiring a helicopter or
airplane. A UAS can go to places those aircraft cannot and also eliminates the human
risk factor. For example, someone wanting to make a short real-estate clip of their
property no longer needs to hire a helicopter which is not very cost effective or as safe.
Also, for the purpose of inspecting infrastructure, trenches, agriculture, property lines
etc. The UAS provides an annoyance free solution while decreasing the volume of
aircraft in the National Airspace above 400 ft AGL. Additionally, the newest DJI UAS,
the Inspire 1 incorporates increased safety measures such as push-button return home
capability, low battery sensing which activates automatic return, more efficient low-
impact blades, and increased telemetry allowing greater control by the pilot.

Small drones can have the job done in a more timely manor with less manpower. This
much safer alternative will not only mitigate unnecessary risk but provide the public an
affordable and dependable service. Because of this it is in my opinion that Vertical
Vantage working with the Inspire1 would be in the greatest interest of the public.

III. Privacy
All flights will have signed permission/consent forms from the property owner. Ample
time will be given to notify neighbors and signs will be placed in plain sight when the
Inspire 1 is aerial. These flights will only occur in predetermined and controlled
locations which will protect peoples privacy. Prior permission from the city, county,
state or federal officials will be requested if flights need to occur over public
lands/property.

IV. 14 CFR Summary

I, Lacey Szekely, Vertical Vantage Inc., request exemption from the following rules to
commercially operate the Inspire 1 in National Airspace for Aerial photography,
videography, inspection/survey and real estate services.

         14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates and 14 CFR
                  91.203(a) (1)

         14 CFR 61.56: Flight Review

         14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b): Private pilot privileges and limitations

         14 CF R 91.119: Minimum safe altitudes

         14 CFR 91.121: Altimeter settings

         14 CFR 91.151 (a): Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

         14 CFR 91.405 (a):Maintenance required; 91.407 (a) (1): Operation after
         maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration; 91.409 (a)
         (2): Inspections; 91.417 (a) & (b): Maintenance records

Re-submitted July 12, 2015 by:
Vertical Vantage Inc.
Lacey Szekely, Owner
5600 Caleb Dr.
Fallon, NV 89406
Telephone: (541) 727-1286
verticalvantageinc@gmail.com
7/23/2015                                                     Regulations.gov  Other Document

           Lacey Szekely - Additional Information

This Other document was issued by the Federal Aviation                                                    Comment Now!
Administration (FAA)
For related information, Open Docket Folder                                                           ID:  FAA201512560005

 Content                                                                                        Document Information

  See attached file(s)                                                                         Date Posted:
                                                                                               Jul 22, 2015
 Attachments  (2)                                                                              Show More Details  

            Lacey Szekely - Inspire 1 Maintenance                                               Submitter Information
            Manual v1.0
                                                                                               Submitter Name:
                View Attachment:                                                               Lacey Szekely

            Lacey Szekely - Inspire 1 Owners Manual                                                      Comments

                View Attachment:                                                                           0

                                                                                                  Comments Received *

                                                                        Docket Information

                                                                       This document is contained in

                                                                      FAA20151256
                                                                Related Dockets:

                                                                       None

                                                                       Related RINs:
                                                                       None

                                                                       Related Documents:

                                                                         Lacey Szekely  Response to
                                                                         Request for Additional...
                                                                         Lacey Szekely  Additional
                                                                         Information
                                                                         U.S. DOT/FAA  Request for
                                                                         Additional Information

                                                                     * This count refers to the total

                                                                        comment/submissions received on

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201512560005                                                                1/2
7/23/2015                                                     Regulations.gov  Other Document

                                                                                               this document, as of 11:59 PM
                                                                                               yesterday. Note: Agencies review
                                                                                               all submissions, however some
                                                                                               agencies may choose to redact, or
                                                                                               withhold, certain submissions (or
                                                                                               portions thereof) such as those
                                                                                               containing private or proprietary
                                                                                               information, inappropriate
                                                                                               language, or duplicate/near
                                                                                               duplicate examples of a massmail
                                                                                               campaign. This can result in
                                                                                               discrepancies between this count
                                                                                               and those displayed when
                                                                                               conducting searches on the Public
                                                                                               Submission document type. For
                                                                                               specific information about an
                                                                                               agency's public submission policy,
                                                                                               refer to its website or the Federal
                                                                                               Register document.

http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetailD=FAA201512560005                                                                        2/2
