May 19, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11624
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0544

Mr. Eric Andelin
Vertical Information Services, Inc.
1226 East Cumberland Avenue, Unit 315
Tampa, FL 33602

Dear Mr. Andelin:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letters dated October 14, 2014 and March 19, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) on behalf of Vertical Information Services, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner
or operator) for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an
unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography, photogrammetry, and
videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom Vision 2.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Vertical Information Services, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.
                                                                                              3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Vertical Information Services, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom
    Vision 2 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations
    of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
October 14, 2014

U.S. Dept. of Transportation, Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE.,
Washington, DC 20590

Submitted Electronically via the Federal Docket Management System (FDMS)

Re: Exemption Request under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the "Reform Act") and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Vertical Information Services, Inc., (VERTX) seeks an exemption from Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") detailed below for the following described Unmanned Aerial System called in this
application the VERTX System, which includes an Unmanned Aircraft (UA) and ground station-based
equipment and crew:

THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT (UA):

     A DJI Phantom Vision 2 lightweight (under 3 lb. gross weight), battery operated 4-motor quad
         copter that takes off and lands vertically

     An on-board flight computer with GPS navigation and location ability that receives signals for
         flight controls from a ground-based transmitter/controller;

     An on-board camera capable of capturing imagery in the form of full color, high definition still
         photos and video

     A Rotor Pixel 2 Axis Gimbal to for independent camera orientation and stabilization
     An on-board telemetry system that delivers flight data from the on-board flight computer to the

         on-board radio transmitter including altitude AGL, horizontal and vertical speed, compass
         direction of flight and direction back to its launch site
     A 5.8GHz on-board radio transmitter that transmits live video from the on-board camera plus all
         the flight data from the telemetry system described above
     A Flytrex, flight data logging system which records; telemetry, speed and operating temperature

THE GROUND STATION-BASED PART OF THE SYSTEM:

     A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from beginning to end and
         who controls the UA while in the air

     A 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control the UA while in flight
     Ground Station DJI Vision App (Android Based) which receives and displays video and system

         telemetry real time from the UA
     A Visual Observer (VO) is a person who provides a second pair of eyes to visually track the UA

         while in flight.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial Certificate of Authorization to
use the above described VERTX System to support aerial photography for aerial mapping

                                                                 VERTX ­ EXEMPTION RULEMAKING Page 1 of 3
(photogrammetry) and video documentation for the public good. Typical applications would include:
new and existing construction, transportation and utilities, land development, environmental mitigation
projects and so forth.

The UA, powered by batteries, is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than larger aircraft running on
combustible fuel; it operates at lower altitudes (under 400') with no people on board thereby reducing
current risk levels and enhancing public safety. With a small payload and maximum flight time of only 22
minutes, this is offers little or no risk to national security. In addition the UA has its own built in flight
restrictions in special areas ie: airports, which limit flight in these areas. More information can be found
on page 38 of the UA's User's Manual.

Low level oblique photos and video from several angles are far more effective than ground- based
imagery for displaying the characteristics of large, complex properties with several buildings and large
trees. The applicants in the past have chartered 2-seat full-sized helicopters for this purpose, which has
proven more costly than many potential clients have been able to afford. The benefits of reduced cost
and improved quality of presentation from the UA will be valuable to and benefit many buyers and
sellers of real property.

Additionally, we request that we be allowed to use our system to benefit first responders nearby who
might require assistance, including fire fighters, the police, the sheriff, et al., while remaining subject to
all limitations cited in this application as we do so

The VERTX System will be operated in the field with both a PIC and a VO in accordance with FAA Policy N
8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS" and with the following Restrictions:

    a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;
    b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400 ft AGL, at an airspeed of

         no more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;
    c) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to communicate

         by voice at all times during a flight operation;
    d) The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
    e) 61.51 (b), 10 hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot and at least 5 hours logged as a UA pilot

         with a similar UA type;
    f) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation;
    g) The VERTX System will not be operated over densely populated areas;
    h) The VERTX System will not be operated at air shows;
    i) The VERTX System will not be operated over any open-air assembly of people;
    j) The VERTX System will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
    k) The VERTX System will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
    l) The VERTX System will not be operated over properties smaller than two acres in size;
    m) Operations will be restricted to day only and weather conditions equivalent to VFR; (m) The PIC

         will brief the VO and property owner about the operation and risk before the first flight at each
         new location;
    n) No flight may be made without a Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before each operation to
         ascertain that the UA is in a condition safe for flight (see Appendix A)

The PIC and VO will meet the requirements outlined in FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 16 personnel
Qualifications. Additionally, the PIC and VO will perform maintenance on the system and will complete a
course of maintenance instruction as part of their initial training.

                                                                 VERTX ­ EXEMPTION RULEMAKING Page 2 of 3
We submit that the combination of the UA's light weight, flight performance and ability, fully qualified
flight crew and strict operation under the guidelines established in 8900.227, and under all of the
Restrictions (a) through (n) listed above, the FAA can have full confidence that the operation will have an
equivalent or greater level of safety than manned aircraft performing the same mission.

The name and contact information of the applicant is:

Vertical Information Services, Inc.
Attn: Eric Andelin
Ph: 813.992.6612
Email: info@vertisx.com

The regulations from which the exemption is requested are listed below. Beside each regulation number
is the page of the attached Addendum upon which each may be found together with our proposed
equivalent level of safety for each regulation:

- 14 CFR Part 21                                                 Addendum Page 1
- 14 CFR 91.203                                                  Addendum Page 1
- 14 CFR 45.23, 45.29                                            Addendum Page 2
- 14 CFR 91.9                                                    Addendum Page 2
- 14 CFR 61.113, 61.133                                          Addendum Page 2
- 14 CFR 91.109, 91.119, 91.121                                  Addendum Page 3
- 14 CFR 91.151                                                  Addendum Page 4
- 14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417)                             Addendum Page 4
- FAA Policy 8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) and Paragraph 16(e)(1)  Addendum Page 4

I am prepared to modify or amend any part of this request to satisfy the need for an equivalent level
of safety. Please contact us at any time if you require additional information or clarification. I look
forward to working with your office.

Sincerely,

Eric Andelin, MBA, CP
Vertical Information Services, Inc.
Phone: 813.992.6612

Addendum containing Exemption Requests and Equivalent Level of Safety
Appendix A ­ Flight Manual
Appendix B ­ User's Manual for UA (DJI Phantom 2 Vision)

                                                                VERTX ­ EXEMPTION RULEMAKING Page 3 of 3
                                                       ADDENDUM

                         EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

Vertical Information Services, Inc., requests an exemption from the following regulations as well as
any additional regulations that may technically apply to the operation of the VERTX System:

14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates
This part establishes the procedures for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate. While the
FAA continues to work to develop airworthiness standards for Unmanned Aerial Systems, I request an
experimental certificate be issued for the VERTX System under either or both of the following
provisions:

        21.191 Experimental certificates.
        Experimental certificates are issued for the following purposes:
        (a) Research and development. Testing new aircraft design concepts, new aircraft equipment,
        new aircraft installations, new aircraft operating techniques, or new uses for aircraft.
        (b) Showing compliance with regulations. Conducting flight tests and other operations to show
        compliance with the airworthiness regulations including flights to show compliance for issuance
        of type and supplemental type certificates, flights to substantiate major design changes, and
        flights to show compliance with the function and reliability requirements of the regulations.

Since the experimental certificate can be used for commercial purposes such as market surveys, sales
demonstrations, and customer crew training, we would expect that an experimental certificate would
permit our commercial purpose as well.

The aircraft will not carry persons or property, will not carry fuel, and will only fly under strict
operational requirements. Combined with the UA's light weight, being constructed primarily of carbon
fiber and plastic, I propose that the UA will be at least as safe, if not safer, than a conventionally
certificated aircraft performing the same mission.

If an experimental airworthiness certificate is not appropriate for this application, then I request an
exemption of 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H, and the requirement for airworthiness certificate in general,
citing the equivalent level of safety outlined in the previous paragraph.

14 CFR 91.203(a) & (b) Civil aircraft: Certifications required.
The regulation provides that an airworthiness certificate, with the registration number assigned to the
aircraft and a registration certificate must be aboard the aircraft. Additionally, subparagraph (b)
provides that the airworthiness certificate be "displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is
legible to passengers or crew."

At a maximum gross weight of 3 lbs., the UA is too small to carry documentation, does not have an
entrance, and is not capable of carrying passengers or crew. To obtain an equivalent
level of safety and meet the intent of 91.203, I propose that documents deemed appropriate for this
aircraft by the FAA will be co-located with the crew at the ground control station and available for
inspection upon request. In order to identify the aircraft, I propose that the information found on
airworthiness and registration certificates be permanently affixed to the aircraft via placard containing
the following information plus the word "EXPERIMENTAL" to

           VERTX - ADDENDUM - EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY Page 1 of 4
satisfy the requirement of 14 CFR 45.23, which follows immediately after the proposed placard
description below:

             EXPERIMENTAL
             Manufacturer: DJI North America
             94403, 2655 Campus Dr,
             San Mateo, CA 94403
             Model: Phantom 2 Vision
             If found please contact: 813.992.6612

14 CFR 45.23 Display of marks; general and 45.29 Size of marks.
These regulations provide that each aircraft must display "N" and the aircraft's registration
number in letters at least 3 inches high. Additionally, the aircraft must display the word
"EXPERIMENTAL" in letters at least 2 inches high near the entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
station. The UA does not have an entrance in which the word "EXPERIMENTAL" can be placed, and
may not have a registration number assigned to it by the FAA.

I propose to achieve an equivalent level of safety by including the word "EXPERIMENTAL" in the
placard on the top of the aircraft, as shown above, where the PIC, VO and others in the vicinity of the
aircraft while it is preparing for launch will be able to see the designation. Additionally, I feel that the
permanent placard discussed in the previous paragraph will provide the aircraft's registration
information at the ground station. Finally, I will display at the ground station a high contrast flag or
banner that contains the words "Unmanned Aircraft Ground Station" in letters 3 inches high or
greater. Since the aircraft will operate within 3/4 NM of the ground station, the banner should be
visible to anyone that observes the aircraft and chooses to investigate its point of origin.

14 CFR 91.9 Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements.
This regulation provides that no person may operate an aircraft unless a current, approved flight
manual is in the aircraft. I assume that the intent of this requirement is to ensure that flight manual
information is available to the aircrew while operating the aircraft. I request an exemption to this
requirement since the aircraft is not only too small to carry documentation; the documentation
would not be available to the crew during flight operations.

To obtain an equivalent level of safety and meet the intent of 91.9, I propose that a current, approved
UA Flight Manual (Appendix A) must be available to the crew at the ground station anytime the aircraft
is in, or preparing for, flight.

14 CFR 61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in Command and 61.133
Commercial pilot privileges and limitations.
The regulation provides that no person that holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in
command of an aircraft for compensation or hire. Subparagraph (b) allows a private pilot to act as pilot
in command of an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if: (1) The flight is only
incidental to that business or employment; and (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property
for compensation or hire.

           VERTX - ADDENDUM - EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY Page 2 of 4
Our proposed operations require that the PIC must either

  1. Hold a Private Pilot Certificate issued by the FAA, and have logged 10 hours of flight
       experience in this type of UA.

  2. Meet the requirements of 8900.227 para 16(c)(2)(c) "Operations without a pilot certificate"
       in which the PIC is required to complete "FAA private pilot ground instruction" and pass "the
       FAA Private Pilot written examination." Since there are currently no means available for the
       pilot of a UAS to gain the experience in an equivalent category and class in order to apply for
       a commercial pilot's license, I propose to generate an equivalent level of safety by requiring
       our pilots to complete, at a minimum, FAA commercial pilot ground instruction and pass the
       FAA Commercial Pilot written examination in addition to completing the private pilot
       requirements. Since the aircraft cannot carry passengers or property, I feel that we meet the
       intent of 61.113 Subparagraph (b) even though the intent of this application is to conduct a
       business.

14 CFR 91.109 Flight Instruction; Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests
The regulation states that "No person may operate a civil aircraft that is being used for flight
instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls."

The VERTX System ground-based control station consists of a small hand-held radio transmitter and
while it does not offer a second set of "controls", both the student and instructor can, and will, operate
the single set of controls simultaneously. With both student and instructor having "hands-on" the
controls during flight, I feel that this technique meets the intent 91.109 and provides an equivalent
level of safety.

14 CFR 91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
The regulation states that over sparsely populated areas the aircraft cannot be operated closer
than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure. Since the aircraft will be operating at a
maximum of 400 feet AGL, I cannot comply with this requirement.

In order to provide an equivalent level of safety The UA will not be operated over congested areas or
over any open air assembly of persons. Any property owner affected will be briefed on the expected
route of flight and the associated risks to persons and property on the ground. The aircraft will be
operated at a low altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard
to persons or property on the surface. Therefore I maintain that due to the small size of the UA, the
hazard to persons, vehicles and structures is minimal compared to manned aircraft, which should be
considered in granting the exemption.

14 CFR 91.121 Altimeter settings.
The regulation requires that aircraft shall maintain cruising altitudes by reference to an altimeter
setting available within 100 NM of the aircraft.

The UA will always fly below 400 feet AGL and will not need to maintain cruising altitudes in order to
prevent conflict with other aircraft. An Above Ground Level altimeter measurement above the takeoff
point is transmitted via radio from the UA on-board computer to the display screen held by the PIC,
providing a constantly updated AGL readout.

           VERTX - ADDENDUM - EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY Page 3 of 4
14 CFR 91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
The regulation provides that no person may begin a flight in an airplane under day-VFR conditions
unless there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and to fly after that for at least
30 minutes.

I feel the intention of this paragraph is to provide an energy reserve as a safety buffer for delays to
landing. The UA is battery operated and the maximum duration of flight from a single battery charge is
18 minutes with a 20% reserve. Since the aircraft will never fly more than 3/4NM from the point of
intended landing, a full battery charge at launch will ensure that we meet the reserve energy
requirement of this paragraph. We request an exemption to the word "fuel" and ask for an equivalent
interpretation with the word "energy".

14 CFR Subpart E (91.401 - 91.417) - Maintenance, Preventive Maintenance, Alterations
The regulation provides that the operator is primarily responsible for maintaining the aircraft in an
airworthy condition, including compliance with part 39 and 43. Paragraphs 91.407 and
91.409 require that the aircraft be "approved for return to service by a person authorized under
43.7" after maintenance and inspection.

It is my intention that the PIC perform maintenance and inspection of the aircraft and "be authorized
to approve the aircraft for return to service." As provided in the Pre-Flight Checklist in Appendix A, the
PIC will ensure that the aircraft is in an airworthy condition prior to every flight and in addition conduct
detailed inspections after every two hours of flight. Maintenance performed by the PIC is limited to
repairing small cracks, replacing a propeller, checking electrical connections and updating software and
firmware for the on-board computer. All other maintenance will be performed by the manufacturer or
their designated repair facility. The PIC will document work performed in accordance with 91.417. I
feel that due to the size, construction, and simplicity of the aircraft, the PIC can ensure an equivalent
level of safety.

8900.227 Paragraph 16(c)(4) PIC Medical. and Paragraph 16(e)(1) Observer Medical.
This policy provides that both the PIC and VO must have a valid FAA second-class medical certificate
issued under part 67 in order to perform as a pilot or observer.

The UA maximum gross weight is 3 lbs., it is constructed of plastic and the PIC is not on board. Both the
PIC and the VO are required to be in VLOS. Given the unlikely event that both the PIC and VO become
medically incapacitated while the aircraft is in flight, the UA will return autonomously to the site of
launching and land without crew intervention. Therefore, requiring the PIC and VO to meet the same
medical requirements as commercial pilot carrying passengers in a large aircraft is an unnecessary
burden.

We propose that the minimum medical requirements for the PIC and VO be vision corrected to
20/20 and a valid, state issued driver's license. The 20/20 vision requirement will ensure that the PIC
and VO n see and avoid air traffic; a licensed driver is medically qualified to operate a much larger
vehicle.

           VERTX - ADDENDUM - EXEMPTION REQUESTS AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY Page 4 of 4
                               APPENDIX A ­ FLIGHT OPERATIONS/PROCEDURES

FLIGHT RESTRICTIONS

(a) No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55 pounds;
(b) All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400' AGL, at an airspeed of no

    more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4 NM from the PIC;
(c) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO and PIC must be able to communicate

    verbally at all times during a flight operation;
(d) In the event of operations over private property, every effort will be made to notify and gain

    permission of the property owner;
(e) The PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51 (b), a

    minimum of 100 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UA rotorcraft pilot and at least ten
    hours logged as a UA pilot with a similar UA type;
(f) All required permits will be obtained from state and local government prior to operation; (g)
(g) The VERTX System will not be operated over densely populated areas;
(h) The VERTX System will not be operated at air shows;
(i) The VERTX System will not be operated over any open-air assembly of people
(j) The VERTX System will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads;
(k) The VERTX System will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport;
(l) The VERTX System will be restricted to day only operations and weather conditions equivalent to
    VFR; (n) The PIC will brief the VO and property owner about the operation anrisk before the first
    flight at each new location;
(m) No flight may be made without a successful Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before each operation
    to ascertain that the UA is in a condition safe for flight.

PRE-FLIGHT CHECKLIST

    1. Remote Controller, smart battery, Range Extender and smartphone are fully charged.
    2. Propellers are mounted correctly.
    3. Damping absorbers are in good condition, not broken or worn.
    4. Camera lens cap has been removed.
    5. Micro-SD card has been inserted if necessary.
    6. Gimbal is functioning as normal.
    7. Motors can start and are functioning as normal.
    8. DJI VISION App can connect to the camera.

TAKE OFF/LANDING PROCEDURES

Place the PHANTOM 2 VISION on ground with the battery level indicator facing you.
    1. Power on the remote controller.
    2. Power on the range extender.
    3. Switch the camera to the "WIFI ON" position.
    4. Power on the aircraft by turning on the intelligent battery
    5. Connect the mobile device to the PHANTOM 2 VISION, run the DJI VISION App to enter the
           camera preview page.
    6. Wait until the LED flight indicator starts to slowly blink green/yellow. This means the aircraft is
           initializing and entering the "Ready to Fly"/"Ready to Fly (non-GPS)." state. Then proceed to

                                      VERTX - APPENDIX A - FLIGHT OPERATIONS/PROCEDURES Page 1 of 2
            execute the CSC command to start motors.
     7. Push the throttle stick up slowly to lift the aircraft off the ground.
     8. When landing, be sure to be hovering over a level surface. Pull down on the throttle stick

            gently to descend and land.
     9. After landing the aircraft on the ground, keep the throttle stick at its lowest position for

            about 3 to 5 seconds which will automatically stop the motors.
FAILSAFE FUNCTION
The aircraft will enter Failsafe mode when the connection from the remote controller is lost. The flight
control system will automatically control the aircraft to return to home and land to reduce injuries or
damage. The following situations would make the aircraft fail to receive a signal from the remote
controller and enter Failsafe mode:

    1. The remote controller is powered off.
    2. The aircraft has flown out of the effective communication range of the remote controller.
    3. There is an obstacle obstructing the signal between the remote controller and the aircraft,

           essentially reducing the distance the signal can travel.
    4. There is interference causing a signal problem with the remote controller.
Failsafe works differently depending on the mode the aircraft is in when Failsafe mode is initiated
whether it is in the Ready to Fly or Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode.
    Ready to Fly (non-GPS) ---- Automatic landing
    The flight control system will try to keep the aircraft level during descent and landing. Note that the
    aircraft may be drifting during descent and landing process.
    Ready to Fly ---- Automatic go home and land
    The flight control system will automatically control the aircraft to fly back to the home point and
    land.

                                        VERTX - APPENDIX A - FLIGHT OPERATIONS/PROCEDURES Page 2 of 2
