May 12, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11553
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0376

Mr. Jay C. Gray
President
Victory Improvement Professionals LLC
1351 Deloss Street
Indianapolis, IN 46203

Dear Mr. Gray:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 16, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Victory Improvement Professionals LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial imaging to perform site inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Victory Improvement Professionals LLC is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Victory Improvement Professionals LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
    when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
    other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                   8

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
    VICTORY IMPROVEMENT PROFESSIONALS

 Petition for Exemption 14 CFR § 11.81

Summary for Publication

                              VIP
                         2/16/2015
February 16, 2015
U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor, Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7 (a);
91.9 (b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)
(1); 91.409(a) (2); 91.417(a) & (b); 61.3(a); 61.23(a).

Dear Sir or Madam:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 and 14
C.F.R. Part 11, Victory Improvement Professionals, an Indiana single member Limited Liability
Company, in business as a general contractor specializing in roofing and exterior renovation
servicing both commercial and residential clients, hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs) to allow commercial operation of Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems (sUASs) for aerial imaging to perform site inspections.

As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the commercial operation
of small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS by trained sUAS operators. The same
sUAS are currently being flown with fewer restrictions by children and hobbyist without any
training or oversight. The exemption will allow us the opportunity to invest in the sUAS and
other equipment and software to develop inspection programs that are beneficial to not only our
clients, but the safety of our inspectors and the public in general. Approval of this exemption
would fulfill the Secretary of Transportations' (the FFA Administrator's) responsibilities to
"...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
system." Section 333(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. This request
additionally falls within the most recent set of Operational Limitations proposed by the FAA
regarding commercial use of sUASs.

We feel as though it was the intent of the Act to promptly approve such requests for the overall
good of the public to help in determining the proper implementation of sUASs into the NAS.
This will exemption will allow real data regarding both safety and privacy issues.

Respectfully,

Jay C Gray
President

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

14 CFR Part 21
14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b)
14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
14 C.F.R. 91.103
14 C.F.R. 91.109
14 C.F. R. 91.119
14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 407 (a) (1)
14 CFR 409 (a) (2)
14 CFR 417 (a) & (b)

14 CFR 61.3 (a)

14 CFR 61.23 (a)

DESCRIPTION OF RELIEF SOUGHT FOR SPECIFIC REGULATIONS

14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the
issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and
limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, Victory
Improvement Professionals, an exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an
equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal
Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to
exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the
size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions
proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft)
operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

The sUAS to be operated hereunder meets the definition of Section 333 (6) being less than the
55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or
flammable liquid fuels, and operates within an area with written or verbal approval. Unlike other
civil aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by the
operator, and in compliance with both Federal and local public safety requirements. The FAA
will have advance notice of all operations with the required filing of a Certificate of Waiver.
These safety enhancements, which are already greater than currently required by hobbyist,
provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional
operations conducted with airworthiness certificates issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H.

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national
security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of
explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load.

14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
The regulation requires:
When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed
on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated
aircraft, the operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit,
or pilot station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited,"
"restricted," "light-sport," "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as
the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible.
The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f).
The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV marked on its fuselage as
required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the sUAV will see the
identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this
regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.
Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS
will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of
safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have specific training to
the sSUA along with in house training to current FAA regulations regarding our NAS and civic
responsibility. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is
remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and
restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance. These types of sSUAs are
currently being flown by hobbyist without any certifications. The level of safety provided by the
requirements included in the Manual exceeds that provided by a single individual currently
operating one of these sSUAs as a hobbyist. The risks associated with the operation of the
sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated with conventional manned operations
contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the sUAS as requested with
specific training as the operator exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R.
§61.113 (a) & (b) or what is allowed currently by hobbyist.

14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness.
Given the size, speed and flight restrictions placed on the UAS along with the preflight and
maintenance required, an airworthiness certificate is not needed since our practice will exceed
all current FAA guidelines pertaining to airworthiness of sUASs.

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:
No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ...
(2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter,
unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual,
approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight manual
on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room or
capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft.
The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has
issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299,
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action
This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure the
safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the aircraft an
exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set forth in the
attached Operator Preflight form. The Operator will take all actions including reviewing weather,
flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before
initiation of flight.

14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction:
Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls.
sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual controls.
Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the
aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight training without
fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction in experimental
aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety provided by the fact
that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by the size and speed of the
aircraft. The safety of those on the ground is protected by the fact that each structure that is the
subject of the documented flight will have verbal or written authorization and will be conducted
in a defined area where we can limit non-participating individuals.

14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) allows
helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person operating
the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the FAA. As this
exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests authority to operate at
altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated platform from which filming is
planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such operations. As set forth herein, except for

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
the limited conditions stated in the Manual, the UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL.
It will however be operated in a restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and
people will not be exposed to operations without their pre-obtained consent.

The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as well
as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the property
owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and participants in
the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight operations as set
forth in Section K of the Manual. Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft
weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel,
any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently presented with
conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the movie industry. In addition, the low-
altitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these small-UAS operations and
the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the day,
to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."
The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To meet
the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to
approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and
the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for
flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.
Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior
exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without
compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where
only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be
allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.
Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the
exemption will be granted.
Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 30
minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more than
adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating
area.
Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745,
10673, and 10808.

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
The regulation provides in pertinent part:
(a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it has within it
the following:
(1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . .
(b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate required by
paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §91.715 is displayed
at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.
The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot. As
such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to display
them on the sUAS.
An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground control
point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the extent they are
applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this regulation. A
representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 9665, 9789, 9789A,
9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a); 407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections
These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided
in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this
chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.
Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate,
these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator
pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook attached with this exemption request. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UASs are very limited in size
and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If
mechanical issues arise the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in
working order prior to initiating flight, perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety.

14 C.F.R. §61.3 Requirement for certificates, ratings, and authorizations.

These regulations require that no person may serve as a required pilot of a civil aircraft unless
that person holds a current pilot certificate in accordance §61.19; §61.77; §61.17; or §61.29(e).
Given the size and nature of the flights that this aircraft will make along with their currently being
no current certification or licensing process specific to sSUAs, the current licensing process is
for aircraft carrying at least an onboard pilot. This presents an undue hardship for a small
business owner to proceed to develop this technology. It is apparent by the directive of
Congress in the Modernization Act in Section 333 along with the recent FAA Comprehensive
Plan that an exemption can be granted. By simply going through the steps of the exemption
process afforded in Section 333 demonstrates that our commitment to a more superior level of

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
    safety in comparison to a hobbyist flying under the same restrictions without the requirement of
    14 C.F.R. §61.3

    §61.23 Medical certificates: Requirement and duration.

    This regulation requires medical certificates for all pilots operation in the NAS. Given the size and
    nature of the flights that this aircraft will make along with their currently being no current
    certification or licensing process specific to sSUAs, the current licensing process is for aircraft
    carrying at least an onboard pilot. This presents an undue hardship for a small business owner
    to proceed to develop this technology. It is apparent by the directive of Congress in the
    Modernization Act in Section 333 along with the recent FAA Comprehensive Plan that an
    exemption can be granted. By simply going through the steps of the exemption process
    afforded in Section 333 demonstrates that our commitment to a more superior level of safety in
    comparison to a hobbyist flying under the same restrictions without the requirement of 14 CFR
    61.23

 The summary of the relief we seek is to be able to first purchase a DJI Phantom 2 (v2.0) with Zenmuse
    H4-3D Gimbal GoPro Aerial Rig, sUAS with added safety enhancements to include upgraded flight
    controller with

 7" Field Monitor with integrated Diversity Rx (5.8 GHz 32 CH)
 Integrated Battery
 Pair of tuned Pole Antennas (5.8 GHz Rx/Tx)
 Tuned Patch Panel Antenna (5.8 GHz Rx Directional Long Range)
 400 mW 5.8 GHz 32 CH Video Transmitter
 Detachable Sun-Shade
 Quick Detach Radio Mount
 Futaba 8FG (Configured)
 Futaba Programming
 DSLRPros TXS-8 Pro Lipo Charger
 2 DSLRPros 2600 mAH LiPo Futaba Battery
 DSLRPros Lipo Bag
 DSLRPros Deluxe Lanyard
 DSLRPros LiPo checker

    The Operational Limitations to our exemptions are as follows:

          sUAS craft to weigh less than 55 lbs. (25kg).
          Visual line-of-sight (VLOS) flying only; The UAS must remain within VLOS of the operator or

              approved virtual observer (VO)
          The sUAS must remain close enough to the operator for the operator to be capable of seeing

              the aircraft with vision unaided by any device other than corrective lenses.
          sUAS will not operate over any persons not directly involved in the operation.

    Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
     Daylight-only operations (official sunrise to official sunset, local time).
     Will always yield right-of-way to other aircraft, manned or unmanned.
     May use a trained and approved virtual observer
     Will not utilize First-person camera view as an exclusive action to satisfy "see-and-avoid".
     Will fly with a maximum airspeed less than 100 mph (87 knots).
     Maximum altitude of 500 feet above ground level.
     Will fly only with a minimum weather visibility of 3 miles from control station.
     Will not fly in Class A (18,000 feet & above) airspace.
     Will file a Certificate of Waiver with ATC when operating in Class B,C,D and E airspace and will

         not fly in these areas without ATC permission.
     May operate in Class G airspace without ATC permission.
     Will never have one person act as an operator or VO for more than one unmanned aircraft

         operation at one time.
     Will operate equipment in a safe manner with no careless or reckless operations.
     Will require preflight inspection by the approved operator.
     Will never operate or have anyone operate our small unmanned aircraft if he or she knows or

         has reason to know of any physical or mental condition that would interfere with the safe
         operation of a small UAS.
     Operators will have to pass an aeronautical knowledge test

         The benefit of granting this exemption falls within our intended belief of Section 333(c) of
         the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012. Getting small businesses involved and
         educated as to the safe operation and in the NAS. Requiring a pilot license for a
         hobbyist of a sUAS too burdensome as is requiring the same for a small business that
         wants to invest resources in this new technology.

         We hope that you will process our request in most timely fashion and contact me
         regarding any questions.

         Respectfully,
         Jay C Gray
         President

Victory Improvement Professionals LLC, 1351 Deloss Street, Indianapolis, IN 46203 viproofs.com
