July 24, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12139
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1617

Mr. Victor H. Rojas
854 Harbor Inn Terrace
Coral Springs, FL 33071

Dear Mr. Rojas:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 26, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography, videography, and inspection.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2 Vision + and DJI Phantom 3.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
                                                                                           2

Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Victor H. Rojas is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Victor H. Rojas is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         Vision + and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload.
         Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to
         amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
                                                                             April 26, 2015

Petitioning for Exemption under Section 333 for Victor H. Rojas

Unmanned Aircraft Systems Integration Office
Federal Aviation Administration
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Washington, DC 20591
U.S. Department of Transportation, Docket Operation
West Building Ground Floor, Room w12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for exemption from multiple regulatory provisions to allow the use of small
unmanned aerial systems on land controlled by Victor H Rojas.
to assist in the safe evaluation, inspection of properties and aerial photography and video
operations for
our clients.

Victor H Rojas. respectfully requests an exemption from
several provisions of Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R.) to permit the
use of small unmanned aerial systems (UAS) to assist in the safe evaluation, inspection of
properties and
aerial photography and video operations for our clients.
This request is motivated primarily by the desire to
maximize safety in infrastructure and operations. While an exemption would not
eliminate the current need for in-person visual inspection required by various federal
regulatory departments, it would allow Victor H Rojas. to broadly evaluate assets and
operations with UA,
resulting in a safer and more efficient infrastructure network. Accordingly,
the grant of an exemption is consistent with Congress' intent, reflected in Section 333 of
the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Modernization Act),1 that safe systems
be permitted in the national airspace prior to the issuance of final regulations governing
general use of these systems.

1 P.L. 112-95, 126 Stat 11, February 14, 2012.
2 Section 333(b) (2) specifically contemplates that the FAA may issue a certificate of
waiver upon a finding that a type
of UAS, as a result of its size, weight, speed, operational capacity, proximity to airports and
populated areas, and
operations within visual line of sight do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the
public or pose a threat to national
security.
Victor H. Rojas
854 Harbor Inn Terrace
Coral Springs, FL 33071
(754) 245-7117
Vhrojas2009@hotmail.com

Background Information
Victor H. Rojas is in the business of Web Design, Internet Marketing, Aerial Photography and
Video helping customers in
the Construction and Real Estate.
My Clients look to me for Safe Operations of UA Aero-Photography and Video. I have Keep Safe
UA Operational Procedures.
I also hold an FAA Private Pilot License# 2582640 based on my Colombian Commercial Pilot
license. I now that regulations and
Procedures must be strictly followed always for safety of people in ground and to no affect the
safety of aerospace system.
I have approximately 500 hrs of UA flying.

Operations:
Roof Inspection, photography and video capture usage.
Construction Site Inspection. Photography and video capture usage.
Real Estate inspection, photography and video capture usage.

Regulatory Basis for Exemption Request
In addition to the waiver authority provided in §333 of the Modernization Act, the FAA
may grant an exemption under 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) if it has determined that such an
exemption is in the public interest. The FAA has imposed a separate requirement in its
procedural regulations, providing that the petitioner shall explain why granting the
exemption would not adversely affect safety or how the exemption would provide at least
an equivalent level of safety as compliance with the underlying regulation. In this case,
approval of this exemption would advance the public interest by significantly enhancing
the safety and efficiency of operations and by providing the FAA with
valuable user experience on UA in a context with appreciable economic and societal
benefits. As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the
operation of UA under tightly controlled conditions, thus ensuring that operations will
not have an adverse impact on safety.

Additionally, the sheer amount of assets and the widely dispersed locations ­ in many
instances far from sizeable population centers ­ means that visual inspection in all
instances by company personnel can be inefficient. Aerial analysis by traditional fixed
wing aircraft is impractical because the required altitudes for safe flight reduce visibility
below meaningful levels ­ it is simply not possible to see all asset anomalies from such
heights. Helicopters present better vantage points; however manned helicopters are much
more costly, subject to human safety and carry highly explosive jet fuel making them
impractical for deployment. By using UA for supplemental asset evaluation, I Victor H.
Rojas
will be able to substantially upgrade its capacity to detect and address issues with the
right-of-way and other assets before they become a problem for safe operations. Thus, the
use of UA has the potential to improve efficiency, resulting in faster and safer delivery
of goods, energy & natural resources vital to the U.S. economy.

Granting an Exemption will not Adversely Affect Safety
Victor H. Rojas note that there is no applicable standard for an equivalency determination.
Some
have argued that the appropriate standard is that for model aircraft, noting that their
operations, if conducted for recreational purposes, would fall completely within the
allowable operations for model aircraft. We believe it is difficult to argue that there is
sufficient correlation between model operations controlled by the Academy of Model
Aeronautics and the ones contemplated by Me. At the same time, it is clear that
equivalency cannot be established for traditional, manned civil aircraft because the design
and use profiles between traditional aircraft and UA are simply too different. As such,
we believe it makes more sense to focus on why the contemplated operations would not
adversely affect safety, which is all that §11.81(e) requires.
Granting an exemption will not adversely affect safety. Victor H. Rojas contemplate
conducting
UA operations over client owned or controlled land, solely during daylight hours, at
altitudes well below that which would pose a risk to other aircraft. In general, UA
operations are intended to be conducted in areas distant from both congested areas and
airports. Moreover, because of the inherent risks presented by standard infrastructure
operations, our clients have already taken steps to secure property against unauthorized
public access. For example, substantial stretches of pipeline, utilities, railroad track and
oil production sites are fenced, elevated, or otherwise secured to prevent access. Other
long stretches of infrastructure are, as noted above, in very remote wilderness areas. The
nature of operations anticipated by Victor H. Rojas requires that the UA be
flown at relatively low altitudes and relatively low speeds. Victor H. Rojas expect that in
most instances,
the UA will be flown less than 75 feet from the highest structure along the path of the UA.
Accordingly, the risk of interference with another aircraft is minimal. Victor H. Rojas
also plans to conduct UA operations at least three miles from any public airports (including
heliports). In the event an operation needs to be conducted closer to an airport, Allied
Roofing and Sheet
Metal Inc. will inform the airport operator and airport air traffic control tower of the
contemplated
operation and will comply with any directions issued by air traffic control at that airport.
Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UA in the infrastructure
aerial inspection industry will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional operations,
using jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the
subject being inspected and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present
the risks associated with vehicles that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000lbs., carrying
large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopters). Such aircraft must
fly to and from the inspection site. In contrast, a UAweighing fewer than 55 lbs. and
powered by batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack
of combustible fuel carried on board. The UA is carried to the inspection site. The
UA will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks
associated with manned aircraft flights.

The operation of small UAs, weighing less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict
conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant
of the exemptions requested herein, including 333 Aircraft Exemption Status exempting
the applicant from conventional aircraft requirements and allowing commercial
operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in
a controlled environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations
conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.
The safety of those on the ground is protected by the fact that no one will be allowed into
the area without the permission of the company. Security will be established for the flight
area as part of the pre-flight control. Each individual within the secure area will be
briefed prior to flight and will consent to being in the area. All others will be excluded
from the area.

Victor H. Rojas will operate the UA within visual line-of-sight (i.e., no more
than approximately 0.5 miles from the manipulator of the controls, or pilot in command
(PIC)).
PIC will conduct at least three take-offs and landings with the UA on which he or she is
trained every 90 days.
PIC's will establish their qualifications thru a combination of aeronautical knowledge,
UAS airmanship skills, and verification through testing of flight ability before any
operations have commenced.
Depending on the type of operation, additional ground-based visual observers may be
employed as well.
These observers will be within constant visual line of sight and in constant contact with the
PIC.
The visual
observers will assist the PIC in avoiding objects near the UA
There are no standards for either Private or Commercial UA pilot certificates. The safe
operation and control of the UA as described in this application does not depend on the
type of FAA license held by the PIC. Given the restricted and controlled airspace within
which operations will take place, the key factors needed by the PIC are knowledge of the
airspace within which the operation will take place and how that airspace fits into the
National Airspace System (NAS). That knowledge can be and is gained primarily
through ground school and not through flight training in fixed wing or rotor aircraft, nor
is it dependent on the acquisition of a commercial or private pilot's certificate. Those
certificates demonstrate knowledge of the factors and skills needed for the safe operation
of those types of aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft). It cannot be assumed that a
commercial pilot, approved to operate a helicopter or fixed wing aircraft, has the skill or
ability to safely operate a small unmanned aerial vehicle, operating at 400 AGL or lower,
within strictly controlled pre-approved airspace. Besides knowledge of airspace
regulations, dexterity in the control and operation of the UA acquired from actual
operation of the aircraft is the most important factor in establishing an equivalent level of
safety.
If the PIC has acquired the necessary knowledge of airspace requirements, the relevant
issues are (1) where the aircraft will be flown, (2) the size of the aircraft relative to what
is being used today to accomplish the same mission, and (3) what precautions will be
taken to ensure the safety of those in the area of operation. We propose that the PIC has
at least an FAA Private Pilots Certificate; the aircraft be operated within a secure
environment;
and that no one be allowed to enter the secure environment
unless they are part of the operation, have been fully briefed of the risks prior to
operation of the UA, and have consented to the risks associated with being in the
operating area. Should there be a mishap, the UA being flown pose significantly less of
a threat than the helicopters and fixed wing aircraft now being employed because they are
a fraction of the size, carry no flammable fuel, do not carry crew or passengers, and pose
an infinitesimal risk to others. This is in stark contrast to conventional aircraft that are
flown to the site, carry explosive fuel, carry passengers and crew, and operate in a much
larger area.
From a practical standpoint, there are relatively few licensed full-scale aircraft pilots who
are also qualified to fly the type of UA that are utilized for infrastructure image-capture
operations. There are even fewer commercial pilots that can fly these UA ­ to the point
that to do both is considered rare. Assuming that it is unlikely for a company to find a
pilot that has both qualifications, that company would either have to source a qualified
UA pilot to train and obtain a commercial certificate, or find a commercial certificated
pilot who would be willing to learn to fly a UA to the competency level required for
professional use.

Minimum requirements for the PIC include:
1) Private Pilot's license;
2) A minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a sUAS rotorcraft
pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a sUAS pilot with a similar sUAS type
(single blade or multirotor);
3) A minimum of 5 hours as sUAS pilot with the make and model of sUAS to be
utilized for operations under the exemption and 3 take offs and landings in the
preceding 90 days;
4) Have undergone a qualification process as specified in the Flight Operations &
Procedures Manual consisting of a knowledge & skill test of the aircraft to be
used.
Another consideration supporting the certificate requirement is that pilots holding a
private pilot certificate are subject to security screening by the Department of Homeland
Security. This requirement should ameliorate security concerns over UAS operations
under this exemption.
Victor H. Rojas intends to use commercially available UA Components for UA. These
UA systems will be tested for quality & safety in our test facility before being
deployed to the field. The UA is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot
nor passenger, and operates exclusively within a secured area. We have a routine
maintenance schedule to verify that the UA will remain in safe and operational
condition.

Notes Regarding: 14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft
Given the size of the UA, two-inch lettering will be impossible. UA
Will be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47,
And have identification (N--Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR Part 45,
Subpart C.
Markings will be as large as practicable.
Notes Regarding: 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
our request is based on the fact that no airworthiness certificate will be issued for
the UA. our UA will not require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with
14 CFR part 21, Subpart H. Based on the fact that an airworthiness certificate will not be
issued, exemption from § 91.7(a) is not necessary.
Notes Regarding: 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight manual, marking & placard
Certifications required, the original intent of these regulations was to display an aircraft's
airworthiness, certification, and registration documents so they would be easily available
to inspectors and passengers. Based on the FAA Memorandum subject "Interpretation
regarding whether certain required documents may be kept at an unmanned aircraft's
control station," dated August 8, 2014, the requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.9(b)(2)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is not necessary.
Notes Regarding: §91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated instrument & certain flight tests
Small UA, by their design, do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight control is
accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. Aircraft being considered for use by Victor H. Rojas allow the UA
Instructor to place the aircraft into `loiter' mode (fixed altitude stationary hold). In the
event of the student losing control, the UA Instructor can quickly and via alternate
equipment (equipment not in the hands of the student) place the aircraft into a mode that
then allows the instructor to bring the aircraft back into control and back to the
predetermined
and/or safe landing location.
Victor H. Rojas does not describe training scenarios in which a dual set of controls would
be
utilized or required, i.e. dual flight instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other
company-designated individual, that would require that individual to have fully
functioning dual controls. Rather, Victor H. Rojas evaluates the qualification of its PICs
based on
their experience with the UA to be operated and verifies through testing, in lieu of
formalized training. As such, Victor H. Rojas does not seek relief from 14 CFR § 91.109.
Notes Regarding § 14 CFR 91.119(b)
Relief from § 14 CFR 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable,
because the Victor H. Rojas operations will only be conducted within the secured area
described
herein.

Victor H. Rojas Safety Operations & Procedures Overview:
Technology Considerations:
Best-in-class, tried and proven technologies that are in advanced iterations. Software from
highly-reputable industry partners will include features -
1. Auto descent (landing) if communication signal were to be severed. If the UA
loses communications, the UA will have capability to return to a pre-determined
location within the Security Perimeter and land.
2. Auto descent (landing) if battery were to drop lower than nominal level.
3. Flights will be terminated at 25% battery power reserve.
4. Live video for operator gives real-time positioning feedback. In other words, we
can monitor the scene from the vehicle's perspective for collision avoidance, and to
maintain spatial orientation.
5. The UA will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles
or emergencies.
6. On-Screen-Display (OSD) contains operating information to ascertain vehicle
health at all times: speed, altitude, number of GPS satellites (when available),
heading and voltage.
7. GPS lock supplies for return-to-home (RTH). Should Command and Control (C2)
link failures occur (highly improbable), vehicle returns automatically to the point of
launch.
8. Altitude information will be provided to the UA pilot via a digitally encoded
telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen
display. This altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board
the aircraft, using GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or
radio altimeter, or any combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude
initiation point will be established and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.
Mechanical/Physical:
1. We will fly line-of-sight (LOS) only. The vehicle will always remain in direct LOS
to the pilot, thus eliminating the concern of signal severance (flying behind
objects/walls).
2. The UA will weigh less than 55 lbs and travel at less than 50 knots.
3. Batteries should far exceed the capacity required for actual flight time.
4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL.
5. Fireproof bags for storage and charging of high capacity Lipo batteries on-site.
6. UA
Operated under this exemption will be marked in accordance with 14 CFR part 45
Or as otherwise authorized by the FAA.
Personnel:
1. Spotters ensure safe operation and act as a redundant set of eyes for operators
(pilot, gimbal op, director)
2. Radio spectrum analysis for interference on the frequencies utilized for vehicle
control/communication.
3. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned UAS operations prior to
each day's activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing
duties within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing.
4. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the UA operations
and ensure that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight
operations.
5. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice.
6. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained.
7. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS generally and
received up-to-date information on the particular UAS to be operated.
Operations:
1. The unmanned aircraft (UA) must weigh less than 55 pounds (25 Kg),
including energy source(s) and equipment. Operations authorized by this petition
of exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in Appendix B.
Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition
amendment to this request.
2. The UA may not be flown at a ground speed exceeding 50 knots.
3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground
level (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual.
All altitudes reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.
4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device
other than corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical
certificate.
5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to
satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
6. The operator's manual included as Appendix C and this petition of exemption
must be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a
discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and
the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions and limitations
herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must
follow the procedures as outlined in its operator's manual.
The operator may update or revise its operator's manual. It is the operator's
responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised documents
to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also present updated and
revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the operator
determines that any update or revision would affect the basis for which the FAA
grants this petition for exemption, then the operator must petition for amendment
to their exemption. The FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be
contacted if questions arise regarding updates or revisions to the operator's
manual.
7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UA to ensure it is in a condition
for safe flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation
of the UA, the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary
maintenance has been performed and the UA is found to be in a condition for
safe flight. The Ground Control Station, if utilized, must be included in the
preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations must be properly
documented in the aircraft records.
8. Any UA that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UA
operation or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component,
must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual.
The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UA
aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test
flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the operator's manual.
9. The operator must follow the manufacturer's UA aircraft/component,
maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.
When unavailable, aircraft maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and
inspection/maintenance requirements must be established and identified in the
operator's manual. At a minimum, requirements for the following must be
included in the operator's manual:
a. Actuators / Servos;
b. Transmission (single rotor);
c. Powerplant (motors);
d. Propellers;
e. Electronic speed controller;
f. Batteries;
g. Mechanical dynamic components (single rotor);
h. Remote command and control;
i. Ground control station (if used); and
j. Any other components as determined by the operator;
10. The Pilot In Command (PIC) must possess at least a private pilot certificate
The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56
in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
11. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspections, the
PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot and at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS
type (single blade or multirotor). Prior documented flight experience that was
obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement.
Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted
under this petition of exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight
time. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not
essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must
operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
14 CFR § 91.119.
12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, the
PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR §
61.51(b), a minimum of five hours as UA pilot operating the make and model of
UA to be utilized for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and
three landings in the preceding 90 days. Training, proficiency, experiencebuilding,
and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under this
petition of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency.
During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing
currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered
nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from
nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.
13. Prior to any flight operations authorized by this petition of exemption, the PIC
and VO must have successfully completed a qualification process, as outlined in
the operator's manual. As this is a requirement stipulated by the operator, the test
must be developed and implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole
discretion of the operator. A record of completion of this qualification process
must be documented and made available to the Administrator upon request.
14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of infrastructure inspection, a flight
demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and -qualified pilot must be
successfully completed and documented. This documentation must be available for
review upon request by the Administrator. Because the knowledge and airmanship
test qualifications have been developed by the operator, and there are no established
practical test standards that support a jurisdictional FAA FSDO evaluation and
approval of company designated examiners, the petitioner will conduct these tests in
accordance with the operator's manual.
15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and
consenting personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on
the surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.
16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual has
safety mitigations for authorized and consenting personnel. At all times, those
persons must be essential to the operations.
17. Regarding distance from nonparticipating persons, the operator must ensure that
no persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be
involved and necessary for the infrastructure inspection operations. This provision
may be reduced to no less than 200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the
Administrator has approved it. For example, an equivalent level of safety may be
determined by an aviation safety inspector's evaluation of the infrastructure
inspection area to note terrain features, obstructions, buildings, safety barriers, etc.
Such barriers may protect nonparticipating persons (observers, the public, news
media, etc.) from debris in the event of an accident.
18. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
pre-determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in
accordance with the operator's manual.
19. The UA must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or
emergencies in accordance with the operator's manual.
20. Each UA operation must be completed with 25% battery power remaining.
21. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this petition
of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
(NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
operation.
22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by
serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
(N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
be as large as practicable.
23. The operator must develop procedures to document and maintain a record of the
UA maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of
replacement/overhaul component parts, and the total time in service of the UA.
These procedures must be added to the operator's manual.
24. Each UA operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
Safety Bulletins.
25. The operator must develop UA technician qualification criteria. These criteria
must be added to the operator's manual.
26. The preflight inspection section in the operator's manual must be amended to
include the following requirement: The preflight inspection must account for all
discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not covered in the
relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's manual.
27. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation
and control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.
28. At least three days before scheduled infrastructure inspection, the operator of the
UA affected by this exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local
FSDO with jurisdiction over the area of proposed infrastructure inspection. The 3-day
notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
must include at least the following:
a. Dates and times for all flights;
b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UA infrastructure
inspection operations conducted under this petition of exemption;
c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene
operation of the UA;
d. Make, model, and serial or N-number of UAS to be used;
e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the infrastructure
inspection event;
f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property
owners and/or local officials to conduct the infrastructure inspection event;
the list of those who gave permission must be made available to the inspector
upon request;
g. Signature of exemption-holder or representative; and
h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area,
city, town, county, and/or state over which infrastructure inspection will be
conducted and the altitudes essential to accomplish the operation.
29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to
the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law
enforcement official upon request.
30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles,
parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).
31. UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1.
All operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC).
Flights under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.
32. The UA may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.
33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.
34. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval
from the FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic
center of a non-towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical
chart unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the
operation is conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's
COA. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to
the Administrator upon request.
35. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
to the FAA's UAs Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight operations may not
be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed by AFS-80 and
authorization to resume operations is provided.

Support for Petition for Exemption
In accordance with the procedural requirements of 14 C.F.R. §11.81, VICTOR H. ROJAS
provides the
following information:

Victor H. Rojas
854 Harbor Inn Terrace
Coral Springs, FL 33071
(754) 245-7117
Vhrojas2009@hotmail.com

Regulatory Provisions from which Victor H. Rojas seeks an Exemption
Victor H. Rojas believes it may need an exemption from the following
provisions to conduct the contemplated operations. In some instances, relief is needed
because relief from another provision renders compliance with the regulation at hand
infeasible.
333 Aircraft Exemption Status
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. §91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. §91.121
14 C.F.R. §91.151
14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)(1)&(2)
14 C.F.R. §91.417(a)&(b)

Victor H. Rojas believes an exemption is only needed from the
above-listed regulatory provisions. To the extent that the FAA believes that additional relief
is required for
Victor H. Rojas to conduct the operations described here, we request an exemption
from any such regulatory provisions as well.
14 C.F.R. §91.417(a) imposes certain maintenance record keeping requirements "as
applicable". Since none of the underlying requirements (e.g., inspection intervals) can be
met and will
require an exemption, Victor H. Rojas believes a separate exemption should
not be required for §91.417(a).

The Extent of Requested Relief and the Reasons Relief is Needed
Section 333 Aircraft Exemption Status:
Section 333 of the Modernization Act authorizes the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate based on a consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability of the particular UAS, as well as its proximity to airports and
populated areas. An analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without
an
airworthiness certificate in the areas and under the conditions contemplated by
Victor H. Rojas will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft
(fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the
conditions
proposed in this request.
The UA is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot nor passenger, and operates
exclusively within a secured area. Unlike other civil aircraft, operations under this
exemption
will be tightly controlled and monitored by the operator and observer. Operations will be
conducted in compliance with the FAA and with local public safety requirements to provide
security for the area of operation as is now done with conventional equipment,
infrastructure,
bridge and out building evaluation. These safety enhancements provide an expanded
degree
of safety to the inspectors over conventional operations. Lastly, application of these same
criteria demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UA,
due to its size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials and
inability to carry a substantial external load.
Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the
Applicant, this meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part 11 and
Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and
Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the
requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, weight,
speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the
particular sUAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS
operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the
conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and
conditions proposed.

14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
§61.113 Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command.
(a) Except as provided in paragraphs (b) through (h) of this section, no person
who holds a private pilot certificate may act as pilot in command of an aircraft
that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may that
person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.
(b) A private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of
an aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:
(1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and
(2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or
hire.

Victor H. Rojas will conduct the UA operations. The UA will fly at
altitudes well below the permissible limits for other civil aircraft, eliminating the risk to
other aircraft.

§91.119 Minimum safe altitudes: General.
Except when necessary for takeoff or landing, no person may operate an
aircraft
below the following altitudes:

(c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface,
except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft
may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure.

Victor H. Rojas submits that the only relief it requires from §91.119
is from the minimum altitudes listed in paragraph (c). Relief is required from paragraph (c)
for fixed wing
operations because asset evaluation conducted at 500 feet or higher is insufficiently
distinct to be meaningful. Since operations at this altitude also pose a heightened risk of
collision with another aircraft, safety can only be assured through the grant of an
exemption.

14 C.F.R. 91.121
14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings
This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising
altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

As the UA may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read
out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the
operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the altitude of the
launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.
Altitude information will be provided to the UA pilot via a digitally encoded telemetric
data feed, which downlinks from the aircraft to a ground-based on-screen display. This
altitude information will be generated by equipment installed on board the aircraft, using
GPS triangulation, or digitally encoded barometric altimeter, or radio altimeter, or any
combination thereof. Prior to each flight, a zero altitude initiation point will be established
and confirmed for accuracy by the pilot.

14 C.F.R. 91.151
§91.151 Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions.
(a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­
(1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes.
(b) No person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft under VFR conditions unless
(considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly
to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed, to
fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

Operating the UA in a pre-defined area with less than 30 minutes of reserve
fuel does not raise the type of risk contemplated by §91.151, i.e., that an aircraft could
run out of fuel in the event it has to be flown to an alternate airport or circle the planned
airport in the event of unanticipated conditions.
We believe that a 25% battery reserve is more than sufficient to meet this objective
.
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 91.407(a) (1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a) (1)&(2) and 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) & (b)
§91.405 Maintenance required.
Each owner or operator of an aircraft ­
(a) Shall have that aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and
shall between required inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of this
section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter;

§91.407 Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration.
(a) No person may operate any aircraft that has undergone maintenance,
rebuilding, or alteration unless ­
(1) It has been approved for return to service by a person authorized under
§43.7 of this chapter;

§91.409 Inspections.
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, no person may operate
an aircraft unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had __
(1) An annual inspection in accordance with part 43 of this chapter and has
been approved for return to service by a person authorized by §43.7 of this
chapter; or
(2) An inspection for the issuance of an airworthiness certificate in
accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

§91.417 (a) & (b)

Victor H. Rojas believes that an exemption from these three maintenance
requirements is appropriate because the FAA has not developed maintenance standards
that would allow
an operator to meet the part 91 maintenance requirements. In particular, there are no
individuals authorized by the FAA to approve a UA for return to service under
§91.407(a) or to conduct the initial airworthiness and annual return to service inspections
required by §91.409(a). Victor H. Rojas will maintain the aircraft as instructed
in the owner's manual and ASTM F2909, where applicable, and will not operate the aircraft
until it has
reasonably determined that any needed repairs have been made. However, because of the
technical impossibility of meeting the requirements of §§91.405(a), 407(a), 409(a) and
417(a)&(b), we believe an exemption from these provisions is appropriate.

Please do not hesitate to contact me at the phone number or via the e-mail address
provided above should you have any questions or concerns.
Respectfully submitted,

Victor H. Rojas
854 Harbor Inn Terrace
Coral Springs, FL 33071
(754) 245-7117
Vhrojas2009@hotmail.com

Appendix A
Summary for Federal Register Publication
Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register should the FAA determine that publication is needed.
Petitioner: Victor H. Rojas

Sections of 14 C.F.R. Affected:
333 Aircraft Exemption Status
14 C.F.R. §61.113(a) and (b)
14 C.F.R. §91.119(c)
14 C.F.R. §91.121
14 C.F.R. §91.151
14 C.F.R. §91.405(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.407(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.409(a)
14 C.F.R. §91.417(a)&(b)

Description of Relief Sought:
Petitioner seeks relief from the requirements of 333 Aircraft Exemption Status, 14
C.F.R., 61.113(a)&(b)), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151, 91.405(a), 91.407(a), 91.409(a), and
91.417(a)&(b) to conduct UA operations over our Client's owned or controlled
land, solely during daylight hours. UA operations are intended to be conducted
in areas remote from both congested areas and airports. The nature of operations
anticipated by Victor H. Rojas requires that the UA be flown at relatively low altitudes.
Specific type(s), make, and model
DJI Phantom 2 Vision +(owned)

DJI Phantom 3
Ordered and expected to be delivered by May or June 2015

See Attached document with Manual and specs

Thank you for your help

Victor H. Rojas
