July 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12045
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1538

Mr. Victor Viglianti
376 SW Callaway Drive
Lake City, Florida 32024

Dear Mr. Viglianti:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 22, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) for
an exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom
3.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
                                                                                                                 2

meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Victor Viglianti is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Victor Viglianti is hereafter referred to as the operator.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
         DJI Inspire 1, and DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
                                                                                                            4

    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
                                                                                                            5

    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
April 22, 2015 

 

   Victor Viglianti 

   376 SW Callaway DR 

   32024, Lake City Florida 

   Mobile: (478) 2730465 

   Email: vic9050@gmail.com 

 

 

Federal Aviation Administration: 

 

   I,  Victor Viglianti, am writing pursuant to the     FAA Modernization and Reform Act 

of  2012    and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I,  Victor 

Viglianti, an owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft,  be exempted from the Federal 

Aviation Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, Victor Viglianti, may operate a small ultra 

light weight unmanned aircraft system ("UAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the 

Federal     Aviation Administration ("FAA") in accordance with FAA UAS Regulations & 

Policies. 

 

   I would like to formally submit for an exemption from the following Section 333 

regulations: 14 C.F.R. Part 21, 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b), 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a),  14 C.F.R. 91.7(a), 

14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)(2), 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c), 14 C.F.R. 91.121, 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)(1), 14 

C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b), 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) 

and (2), 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b).  To operate DJI's following UAS:  Phantom 2, Phantom 

3, and Inspire 1 along the guidelines of the accompanying DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and 

DJI Phantom 3 Operator's manuals.  These UAS will be equipped with detachable cameras 

and will be transported in proper storage.  This proposed exemption would allow me operation 

of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of aerial videography/ photography as a 

service to the public/ business interests.  As found in exemption No. 11138 (Trudeau), the 

FAA recently approved similar use of a Phantom 2 UAS. 

 

   These devices were selected because they have proven reliable flying capabilities 

managed by gyro stabilized flight, ground detection (phantom 3 and inspire 1) ,GPS aided 

navigation, a compass, blinking LEDs, failsafe mode for returning home and prop guards. 

This will act to further safety protocols exclusive to lightweight UAS's specific to video and 

photography usage as I, Victor Viglianti, record flight data and other information gained 

through permitted flight operations to share with the FAA through any required FAA reports to 

assists with future protocol and safety regulations.  

 

    

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
Specific section or sections of 14 CFR which I seek relief and the reason I seek relief: 
 
14 C.F.R. Part 21:  Airworthiness Certificates 
 

         Given the size and limited operating area associated with the aircrafts to be utilized by 
I, Victor Viglianti, an exemption from Part 21 meets the requirements of an equivalent level of 
safety under Part 11 and Section 333 of the reform Act.  In all cases, an analysis of these 
criteria demonstrates that the UA operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the 
restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, 
than conventional aircraft operating with an airworthiness certificate without restrictions and 
conditions proposed. 
 
14 C.F.R. 45.23: Display of marks: general 
 

         The UAs will not have a cabin, cockpit, pilot station, fuselage, boom, or tail on which to 
mark certain words or phrases.  Further, the twoinch lettering is difficult to place on such a 
small aircraft with dimensions smaller than the minimal lettering requirement.   
 
14 C.F.R. 61.113(a) & (b):  Private pilot privileges and limitations: Pilot in command 
 

         The FAA has previously declared that additional manned airship experience of a 
commercially certified pilot would not correlate to the airmanship skills necessary for similarly 
proposed operations in previously issued exemptions to this regulation through Exemption 
Nos. 11062 and 11138. 
 
14 C.F.R 91.7: Civil aircraft airworthiness 
 

         Currently, since there is no certificate applicable to the UAs in question, this regulation 
is inapplicable. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.9 (b)(2): Civil aircraft flight manual, marking, and placard requirements 
 

         Requires an aircraft flight manual in the aircraft, however there are no pilots or 
passengers on board this aircraft and given its size, this regulation is inapplicable.  An 
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by maintaining a safety/flight manual with the 
operator. 
 
 
 
 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.119(c):  Minimum safe altitudes 
 

         I, Victor Viglianti will ensure that UAS do not operate any higher than 400 feet at 
ground level.  I will not fly over congested areas.  I will plan operations before hand, for proper 
flight safety, and proper height analysis as to avoid collisions.   
 
14 C.F.R. 91.121:  Altimeter settings 
 

         The UAS utilize electronic GPS with a barometric sensor.  An equivalent level of safety 
will be achieved by using this. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)(1):  Fuel Requirements for flight in VFR conditions 
 

         The UAS that I will fly are powered by electricity, using lithium polymer batteries that 
currently have a flight limit of approximately no more than 20 minutes.  Therefore, due to the 
limitations of the batteries, it is currently impossible to comply with part 91.151. 
 
14 C.F.R. 91.203(a) and (b):  Civil aircraft: Certifications required 
 

         Currently, there are no procedures for providing airworthiness certificates for the 
mentioned UAS.  I, Victor Viglianti, however will always fly safely while having the manuals of 
the DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI Phantom 3.   
 
14 C.F.R. 91.405(a): Maintenance Required, 
14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1): Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or 
alteration, 
14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and (2):  Inspections & 
14 C.F.R. 91.417 (a) and (b): Maintenance records 
 

         Maintenance inspections may be required and should be granted since they only apply 
to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate.  However I, Victor Viglianti, will perform preflight 
inspections of the UAS before each flight as outlined in the operating documents.  I, Victor 
Viglianti, will also follow manufacturer recommendations from said operating documents. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Public Interest 
 

         Aerial photography and videography as an available service to the public allows for a 
cheaper method to capturing imagery than its alternative.  Its alternative being aircraft and 
helicopters.  They are expensive, create lots of noise, and are much more threatening due to 
size and combustible fuel.   

          
         I, Victor Viglianti, would gladly offer my services upon request and with proper 
coordination to any official search and rescue or emergency services organization to benefit 
the public.   
         Also as mentioned in the Trudeau exemption, exemption No.11138: 
          
         ""Manned aircraft conducting aerial filming and photography can weigh 5,000 lbs. or 
more, are operated by an onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers, as well 
as 100 gallons or more of fuel. The petitioner's [sUAS] weighs less than 3 lbs. The pilot and 
crew will be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight reduces the potential for 
harm to persons or damage to property in the event of an incident or accident. The risk of an 
onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is eliminated with the use of a [sUAS] 
for the proposed operation." 
          
Summary 
 
         I, Victor Viglianti, am seeking exemption from the following rules: 
 
14 C.F.R. Part 21, 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b), 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a),  14 C.F.R. 91.7(a), 14 C.F.R. 
91.9(b)(2), 14 C.F.R. 91.119(c), 14 C.F.R. 91.121, 14 C.F.R. 91.151(a)(1), 14 C.F.R. 
91.203(a) and (b), 14 C.F.R. 91.405(a), 14 C.F.R. 91.407(a)(1), 14 C.F.R. 91.409(a)(1) and 
(2), 14 C.F.R. 91.417(a) and (b) 
 
         With the exemptions of the mentioned rules I, Victor Viglianti, will be seeking to make 
my drone photography/videography services available to the public.  Alternatively the public 
had seeked to use helicopters and aircraft to achieve what I can offer in a safer, more cost 
efficient manner.  By not using combustible fuel, flying at safe heights and strictly following the 
usage recommendations from DJI.   
 
These include but are not limited to:   
     Flying the following UAS Safely 

               DJI Inspire 1 
               DJI Phantom 2 
               DJI Phantom 3 
     Flying below 400 feet 
     Proper visual inspection of UAS before flights 
     Keeping mentioned UAS in visual sight at all times when in operation 
     Using an observer to assist if needed 
     Remain well clear of and do not interfere with manned aircraft operations, and avoid 

         other aircraft and obstacles at all times 
     Not intentionally fly over unprotected persons or moving vehicles 
     Contact the airport or control tower before flying within 5 miles of an airport 
     Not flying in adverse weather conditions such as high winds or reduced visibility 
     Not flying under the influence of alcohol or drugs 
     Ensure the operating environment is safe 
     Not flying over sensitive infrastructure or property such as power stations, water 

         treatment facilities, correctional facilities, etc. 
     Check and follow all local laws and ordinances before flying over private property 
     Do not conduct surveillance or photograph persons in areas where there is an 

         expectation of privacy without the individual's permission. 
 
Respectfully, 
 
Victor Viglianti 
 

         376 SW Callaway DR 
         32024, Lake City Florida 
         Mobile: (478) 2730465 
         Email: vic9050@gmail.com 
 
 
 
 
 
          
          
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
          
 
 
 
