                                                 1

                                  Exemption No. 11192

      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

          WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of

VIKING UNMANNED AERIAL                       Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2014­0850
SYSTEMS, INC.

for an exemption from part 21; §§ 45.23(b);
61.113(a) and (b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2);
91.103; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a);
91.203(a) and (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(2); and 91.417(a) and (b) of
Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations

                                  GRANT OF EXEMPTION

         By letter dated June 6, 2014 Mr. Christopher M. Taylor, Viking Unmanned Aerial
Systems, Inc. (AgriView Aerial Solutions Division) (hereinafter Petitioner or Operator), 16
Sanford Drive, Suite 5, Gorham, Maine 04038 petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration
(FAA) for an exemption from part 21, §§ 45.23(b), 61.113(a) and (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2),
91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(a), 91.203(a) and (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1),
91.409(a)(2), and 91.417(a) and (b) of Title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR). The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate the Viking Ranger EX unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct aerial photography and 3D mapping for the agriculture industry.

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner proposes to operate the Viking Ranger EX UAS to conduct aerial photography
and 3D mapping for the agriculture industry. See Appendix A for the petition submitted to
the FAA, including the regulations from which the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The petitioner has provided the following information to support its request for an exemption,
which includes proprietary supporting documents:

1) AgriView Aerial Solutions Flight Operations Standard Operating Procedure
    2) Viking Ranger EX 3dMapping ­ UAS System Deployment Manual and Specifications
    3) Viking Ranger EX UAS Aircraft Safety Checklist
    4) Pixhawk Autopilot Quick Start Guide
    5) Pixhawk Flight Controller Component Maintenance Manual Overview

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into four sections: (1) UAS, (2) the UAS pilot in
command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating parameters, and (4) the public interest.

UAS

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts. In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in
reference to 49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that the requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, and any associated noise certification and
testing requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

Manned aircraft conducting aerial photography and 3D mapping for the agriculture industry
can weigh thousands of pounds or more and are operated by an onboard pilot, in addition to
other crewmembers as necessary. The petitioner's UA weighs less than 6 lbs. The pilot and
crew will be remotely located from the aircraft. The limited weight reduces the potential for
harm to participating and nonparticipating persons or damage to property in the event of an
incident or accident. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or accident is
eliminated with the use of a UAS for the proposed operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident. The
UA carries no fuel, and therefore the risk of fire following an incident or accident due to fuel
spillage is eliminated.

This exemption does not require an electronic means to monitor and communicate with other
aircraft, such as transponders or sense and avoid technology. Rather, the FAA is mitigating
the risk of these operations by placing limits on altitude, requiring stand-off distance from
clouds, permitting daytime operations only, and requiring that the UA be operated within
visual line of sight (VLOS) and yield right of way to all manned operations. Additionally, the
exemption provides that the operator will request a notice to airmen (NOTAM) prior to
operations to alert other users of the NAS.

The petitioner has stated that its UAS has the capability to operate safely after experiencing
certain in-flight contingencies or failures and uses a failsafe mode to return to home and land
in those instances. The petitioner stated as well that its UAS is able to respond to a loss of
GPS or a lost-link event with pre-coordinated automated flight maneuvers.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b), Display of marks, the
petitioner's request is made under the assumption that marking with the word "experimental"
will be required as a condition of an exemption request. However, this marking is reserved for
aircraft that are issued experimental certificates under § 21.191. Since the petitioner's UAS
will not be certificated under 14 CFR § 21.191, a relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b) is not
necessary. Markings must be as large as practicable per § 45.29(f).

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a) Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records, the FAA has
determined that relief from § 91.409(a)(1) is also necessary, because it is an alternate
inspection requirement of § 91.409(a)(2). The FAA notes that the petitioner's operating
documents contain preflight checks for the UAS. The petitioner also states that all required
maintenance will be performed and logged. The FAA finds that adherence to the operating
documents, as required by the conditions and limitations below, is sufficient to ensure that
safety is not adversely affected. In accordance with the petitioner's UAS maintenance,
inspection, and recordkeeping requirements, the FAA finds that exemption from
14 CFR §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) is warranted
subject to the conditions and limitations below.

UAS PIC

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 61.113 Private pilot privileges and
limitations, the FAA must consider the appropriate level of pilot certification for the
petitioner's proposed operations. The petitioner states it would operate its UAS with a pilot
holding a sport pilot certificate or a recreational pilot certificate and certified by the UA
manufacturer and has completed the FAA private pilot written exam. Under current
regulations, civil operations for compensation or hire require a PIC holding a commercial pilot
certificate per 14 CFR part 61. As established in 14 CFR § 61.113(a), with limited exception, a
pilot holding a private pilot certificate cannot act as a PIC of an aircraft for compensation or
hire. However, in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (Astraeus), the FAA
determined that a PIC with a private pilot certificate operating the Astraeus UAS would not
adversely affect operations in the NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the
ground. Additionally, as previously determined by the Secretary of Transportation, the
requirement to have an airman certificate ameliorates security concerns over civil UAS
operations conducted in accordance with Section 333.
The FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and determined it does not differ
significantly from the situation described in Grant of Exemption No. 11062 (Astraeus). The
petitioner commits to operating in Class G airspace, over private property or other confined
areas, and with a security perimeter established in which a safe separation from non-
consenting persons can be maintained. Given: 1) the similar nature of the petitioner's
proposed operating environment to that of Astraeus, 2) the parallel nature of private pilot
aeronautical knowledge requirements to those of commercial requirements, and 3) the
airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS, the FAA finds that the additional manned
airmanship experience of a commercially certificated pilot would not correlate to the
airmanship skills necessary for the petitioner's proposed operations. Therefore, the FAA finds
that a PIC holding a private pilot certificate and a third-class airman medical certificate is
appropriate for the proposed operations and that granting relief from 14 CFR § 61.113(a) is
warranted.

With regard to the airmanship skills necessary to operate the UAS, the petitioner has stated
that it will require its PICs be certified by the manufacturer of the UAS to be operated. The
conditions and limitations below require the petitioner to ensure the PIC has demonstrated
the ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining
appropriate distances from people, vessels, vehicles, and structures.

The petitioner indicates it will supplement its proposed operation(s) with a visual observer
(VO) who has met the petitioner's training requirements. The conditions and limitations
below stipulate that the PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed in
the operating documents. It is the responsibility of the PIC to limit operations of the UA to
distances within the visual capabilities of both the PIC and VO.

The FAA considers the PIC to be designated for the duration of the flight. Therefore, per the
conditions and limitations below, the PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot
transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight.

UAS Operating Parameters

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a) Civil aircraft airworthiness and the
FAA finds that relief from § 91.7(a) is necessary. While the petitioner's UAS will not
require an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 CFR part 21, subpart H, the FAA
considers the petitioner's compliance with its operating documents to be a sufficient means
for determining an airworthy condition. Therefore, relief from § 91.7(a) is granted. The
petitioner is still required to ensure that its aircraft is in an airworthy condition ­ based on
compliance with the operating documents prior to every flight, and as stated in the conditions
and limitations below.

Additionally, in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.7(b), the PIC of the UAS is responsible for
determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight and the FAA finds that the
PIC can comply with this requirement.
Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2) Civil aircraft flight
manual, marking, and placard requirements and 14 CFR § 91.203(a) and (b) Civil
aircraft: Certifications required, the FAA has previously determined in Grant of
Exemption 11062, Astraeus Aerial, that relief from these sections is not necessary.
Relevant materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC in compliance with the
regulations.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.103, Preflight action, the
petitioner's operating documents require the PIC to take certain actions before flight to
ensure the safety of the flight. The procedures outlined in the operating documents address
the FAA's concerns regarding compliance with § 91.103. According to the petitioner, the
PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landing,
and takeoff distances/conditions, and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.
The FAA has imposed stricter requirements with regard to visibility and distance from
clouds; this is to both keep the UA from departing VLOS and to preclude the UA from
conflicting with other aircraft operating in the NAS. The FAA also notes the risks
associated with sun glare; the FAA believes that the PIC's and VO's ability to still see
other air traffic, combined with the PIC's ability to initiate a return-to-home sequence, are
sufficient mitigations in this respect. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-
specific conditions in his or her preflight procedures. Therefore, the FAA finds that
exemption from 14 CFR § 91.103 is not necessary.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction;
Simulated instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petitioner did not describe training
scenarios in which a dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight
instruction, provided by a flight instructor or other company-designated individual, that would
require that individual to have fully functioning dual controls. Rather, the petitioner intends to
accomplish training through the procedures referenced in the operating documents.
Furthermore, the FAA is requiring that the petitioner's PICs possess at least a private pilot's
certificate. Also, this exemption will require that training operations only be conducted during
dedicated training sessions. The FAA finds that safety will not be adversely impacted if the
petitioner follows the self-administered training and internal procedures outlined in the
operating documents. Therefore, the FAA finds that the petitioner can conduct its operations
without the requested relief from § 91.109.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119, Minimum safe altitude, the
petitioner states that all operations will be conducted in Class G airspace, will avoid congested
or densely populated areas (as identified by yellow areas on VFR sectional charts), will operate
within a confined "sterile area" with landowner permission, and will operate with the consent
of all persons inside the sterile area. The petitioner also states that it will operate as close as 30
feet to consenting persons based upon an equivalent level of safety determination. The
petitioner did not further describe how a "sterile area" would be created nor did it provide
information on how persons not participating in or essential to the flight operations would be
protected from an accident involving the UA. Therefore, the FAA is requiring that prior to
conducting UAS specific operations, all persons not essential to flight operations
(nonparticipating persons) must remain at appropriate distances. In open areas this requires
the UA to remain 500 feet from all persons other than essential flight personnel (i.e. the PIC,
VO, and any sensor operator). The FAA has also considered that the UA in this case will
weigh less than 6 pounds. If barriers or structures are present that can sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from debris in the event of an accident, then the UA may operate
closer than 500 feet to persons afforded such protection. The operator must ensure that
nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight
operations must cease immediately. When considering how to immediately cease operations,
the primary concern is the safety of those nonparticipating persons. In addition, the FAA
finds that operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet to vessels, vehicles and structures
when the land owner/controller grants such permission and the PIC makes a safety assessment
of the risk of operating closer to those objects.

Thus, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because all operations will be
conducted below 400 feet above ground level (AGL) and may be operated closer than 500
feet from persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures as described above. Provided adherence
to the procedures in the operating documents and the additional conditions and limitations
outlined below, the FAA finds that relief from § 91.119(c) is warranted.

Relief from § 91.119(a), which requires operating at an altitude that allows a safe emergency
landing if a power unit fails, is not granted. The FAA expects the petitioner to be able to
perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface if a
power unit fails. Relief from 14 CFR § 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not
applicable, because the petitioner states that operations will only be conducted within the
sterile area described in the operating documents. The conditions and limitations below will
specifically prohibit operations over those areas. Relief from § 91.119(d) is also not
necessary due to the nature of the proposed UAS operations.

The petitioner also noted that it will avoid congested or populated areas "which are depicted
in yellow on VFR charts." Since there is no precise definition of the term "congested area"
and because aeronautical charts and NOTAMS provide only general guidance for developing
a proposed route that complies with § 91.119, the petitioner should consult with the local
Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) to discuss areas that would reasonably be considered
"congested" within proximity of the proposed operations. Ultimately, the PIC is responsible
for maintaining the minimum safe altitudes required in § 91.119.

Regarding the requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 Altimeter settings, the petitioner stated
that its UAS uses a global positioning system (GPS) altitude indicator rather than a barometric
altimeter. As stated in the conditions and limitations below, the FAA requires any altitude
reported to Air Traffic Control (ATC) to be in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the
GPS altitude indicator to zero feet AGL, if that option exists, rather than local barometric
pressure or field altitude before flight. Considering the limited altitude of the proposed
operations, relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 is granted to the extent necessary to comply with the
applicable conditions and limitations stated below.
Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight
in VFR conditions, relief has been granted for manned aircraft to operate at less than the
minimums prescribed in 14 CFR § 91.151(a), including Exemption Nos. 2689, 5745, and
10650. In addition, similar UAS-specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811,
10808, and 10673 for daytime, VFR conditions. The petitioner states that its UAS operations
will be conducted in a confined "sterile area," with an unmanned aircraft (UA) weighing
under 6 pounds, within VLOS, and limited to 90 minutes of flying. These factors, combined
with the petitioner's stated intention to terminate flights with 25% remaining battery power,
provides the FAA with sufficient reason to grant the requested relief from 14 CFR §
91.151(a). In accordance with the conditions and limitations below, the PIC is prohibited from
beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough
power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and land the UA with 25%
battery power remaining.

Additionally, in evaluating the petitioner's proposed operating parameters with regard to
VLOS and a safe operating perimeter, the FAA considered operations from a moving device
or vehicle. Since the petitioner did not discuss provisions for these circumstances, the
conditions and limitations below preclude operations from moving devices or vehicles.

Regarding an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or Authorization
(COA), the majority of current UAS operations occurring in the NAS are being coordinated
through ATC by the issuance of a COA. This is an existing process that not only makes local
ATC facilities aware of UAS operations, but also provides ATC the ability to consider
airspace issues that are unique to UAS operations. The COA will require the operator to
request a NOTAM, which is the mechanism for alerting other users of the NAS to the UAS
activities being conducted. The conditions and limitations below prescribe the requirement
for the petitioner to obtain an ATO-issued COA.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The potential improvements
to the efficiency and yield of U.S. farm lands using a UAS with the specifications described by
the petitioner, and carrying no passengers or crew, instead of a manned aircraft of significantly
greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to
find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.
The following table summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding the relief sought by the
petitioner:

Relief considered (14 CFR)  FAA determination (14 CFR)
Part 21                     Relief not necessary
45.23(b)                    Relief not necessary
61.113(a)                   Relief granted with conditions and
91.7(a)                     limitations
91.9(b)(2)                  Relief granted with conditions and
91.103                      limitations
91.109                      Relief not necessary
                            Relief not necessary
91.119                      Relief not necessary
                            Relief not granted for paragraph (a);
91.121                      paragraph (b) relief not applicable;
91.151(a)                   paragraph (c) relief granted with
91.203(a) and (b)           conditions and limitations; paragraph (d)
91.405(a)                   relief not necessary
91.407(a)(1)                Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations
91.409(a)(2)                Relief from 91.151(a)(1), day, granted
                            with conditions and limitations
91.417(a) and (b)           Relief not necessary
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations; relief from 91.409(a)(1) also
                            granted with conditions and limitations
                            Relief granted with conditions and
                            limitations

The FAA's Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Viking Unmanned Aerial Systems Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.113(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a),
91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) to the extent necessary to allow
petitioner to operate a UAS for the purpose of conducting aerial photography and 3D mapping
for the agriculture industry. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.
Conditions and Limitations
Relative to this grant of exemption, Viking Unmanned Aerial Systems Inc. is hereafter
referred to as the operator.

The petition and the following supporting documentation are hereinafter referred to as the
operating documents:

    1) AgriView Aerial Solutions Flight Operations Standard Operating Procedure
    2) Viking Ranger EX 3dMapping ­ UAS System Deployment Manual and Specifications
    3) Viking Ranger EX UAS Aircraft Safety Checklist
    4) Pixhawk Autopilot Quick Start Guide
    5) Pixhawk Flight Controller Component Maintenance Manual Overview

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

The following conditions and limitations are subject to all flights utilizing this exemption:

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the following aircraft
         described in the operating documents which has one motor, is fixed wing, and weighs
         less than 6 pounds: Viking Ranger EX. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will
         require a new petition or a petition to amend this grant.

    2. UAS operations under this exemption are limited to conducting aerial photography
         and 3D mapping for the agriculture industry.

    3. The UA may not be flown at a speed exceeding 70 knots.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL).

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.
         Electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions
         prescribed in the operating documents.

    7. The VO must not perform any other duties beyond assisting the PIC with seeing and
         avoiding other air traffic and other ground based obstacles/obstructions and is not
         permitted to operate the camera or other instruments.
8. The operating documents and this grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS
    operations and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy
    exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the procedures
    outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures
    as outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its
    operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and
    present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

9. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
    flight. If the inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS,
    the aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been
    performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground
    Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and
    alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

10. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight. The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an
    entry of the flight in the UAS aircraft records. The requirements and procedures for a
    functional test flight and aircraft record entry must be added to the operating
    documents.

11. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable
    components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of the
    operating documents.

12. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance,
    overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

13. The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping
    requirements in accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection,
    and alterations must be noted in the aircraft logbook, including total time in service,
    description of work accomplished, and signature of the person authorized to return the
    UAS to service.

14. The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective
    action taken against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

15. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.
16. The PIC must possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a current third -
    class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
    specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot
    certificate.

17. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial photography and 3D mapping
    the PIC must have met the operator's qualification criteria and completed the
    operator's mission specific training. Training, proficiency, and experience-building
    flights can be conducted under this grant of exemption to qualify the operator's PIC(s),
    VO(s), and any sensor operators. However, said training operations may only be
    conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and
    experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
    distance from non-participants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

18. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial photography and 3D mapping
    the PIC, VO, and any sensor operators must have met all qualification and training
    requirements, as outlined in the operating documents. A record of completion of these
    requirements must be documented and made available to the Administrator upon
    request.

19. The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
    photography and 3D mapping unless the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a
    manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b), the ability to safely operate the UAS in a
    manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption,
    including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
    from people, vessels, vehicles, and structures.

20. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

21. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the airport reference point as
    denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement
    with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in
    accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of
    agreement with airport management must be made available to the Administrator
    upon request.

22. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

23. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre- determined location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered
    in accordance with the operating documents.
24. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
    accordance with the operating documents.

25. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the
    intended landing point and land the UA with 25% battery power remaining.

26. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of
    Waiver or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant
    of exemption. This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman
    (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the
    operation. All operations shall be conducted in accordance with airspace
    requirements in the ATO-issued COA including class of airspace, altitude level and
    potential transponder requirements.

27. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be
    as large as practicable.

28. Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and
    control of the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)
    or other appropriate government oversight agency requirements.

29. The documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned operations and
    activities at all times.

31. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

32. The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

33. Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
          persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
          ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation
          arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500
          feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately and/or;

      b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the property
          owner/controller of has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety
               assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it
               does not present an undue hazard, and;

          c. Operations near the PIC, VO, sensor operator, operator trainees or other essential
               persons, do not present an undue hazard to these persons per § 91.119(a).

    34. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
         permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
         Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
         obtained for each flight to be conducted.

    35. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on March 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on March 3, 2015.

/s/
John Barbagallo
Acting Deputy Director, Flight Standards Service
