April 17, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11379
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2015-0059

Mr. Matthew J. Clark
Counsel for Vine Rangers, Inc.
McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP
1676 International Drive, Penthouse
McLean, VA 22102

Dear Mr. Clark:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 13, 2014, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Vine Rangers, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct precision agriculture, surveys, imaging, and inspections.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a 3D Robotics RTF X8 and the 3D Robotics Aero-M.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption No. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Lab, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Vine Rangers, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Vine Rangers, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the 3D Robotics RTF
         X8 and the 3D Robotics Aero-M when weighing less than 55 pounds including
         payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a
         petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Colombia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Albany            1676 International Drive · Penthouse                            Northern Virginia
Atlanta                      McLean, VA 22102                                        Orange County
Brussels                      Tel: 703.336.8800
Denver                        mckennalong.com                                     Rancho Santa Fe
Los Angeles                                                                                San Diego
Miami                   January 13, 2014
New York                                                                              San Francisco
                                                                                                 Seoul
MARK E. MCKINNON
703.336.8708                                                                       Washington, DC

                                                                          EMAIL ADDRESS
                                                        mmckinnon@mckennalong.com

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

        Re: Petition of Vine Rangers, Inc. for an Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the
                 FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012

To Whom it May Concern:

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform
Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Vine Rangers hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal
Aviation Regulations ("FARs") identified below, to allow commercial agricultural operations of
small unmanned aerial vehicles (i.e., "small unmanned aircraft" or "UAS").

         This petition for exemption is made based on information outlined in this Petition for
Exemption, as well as the accompanying Vine Rangers' UAS Operations Manual (hereinafter
"Vine Rangers' Ops Manual") and 3D Robotics RTF X8 UAS Manuals (collectively referred to
as "Manufacturer's Manuals"). Vine Rangers submits these supporting materials as confidential
documents pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b), as the materials contain confidential commercial
and/or proprietary information that Vine Rangers has not and will not share with others.
Additionally, these documents contain operating conditions and procedures that are not generally
available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act, 5
U.S.C. § 552 et seq., and any other requirements established by the FAA pursuant to Section 333
of the Reform Act.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 2

       For your convenience, this Petition is organized as follows:

I.     Description of Petitioner
II.    Description of Proposed Operations
III.   Relevant Statutory Authority
IV.    Vine Rangers' Proposed UAS Operations Meet the Requirements of Section 333 of
       the Reform Act
V.     A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and

VI.             Operational Capability
VII.   B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in
VIII.
IX.             the Ops Manual
X.     Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
       A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203
       B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category

                Rotorcraft
       C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness
       D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14

                C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                Registration
       E. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                Identification Requirements
       F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action
       G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction
       H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes
       I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings
       J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                Conditions
       K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                Maintenance Inspections
       L. 14 C.F.R. Part 61, 14 C.F.R. § 61.3, 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot
                Privileges and Limitations
       Drug and Alcohol Program
       Public Interest
       Privacy
       Federal Register Summary
       Conclusion
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 3

I. DESCRIPTION OF PETITIONER

         Based in the wine country of Santa Ynez Valley, California, and founded by David
Baeza, Vine Rangers seeks to leverage the latest UAS technologies and analytics infrastructure
to help improve the quality, consistency and yield of specialty crops, particularly, wine grapes.
Building upon its already existing relationships and contacts with the University of California,
Santa Barbara ("UCSB"), Vine Rangers intends to work in conjunction with UCSB's Smart Farm
Initiative program to analyze and process the precision agriculture data that it collects.

         The farmer's ability to gather and process information on the health of their crops is
critical to ensuring the crop's uniform quality and yield. This is particularly true for winemakers
as vines take years to mature, and wine grapes are only harvested once per year. Thus, there is
only one chance to get it right. Vine Rangers' UASs will empower the farmer to make informed
proactive, rather than reactive, decisions. This proactive decision making allows today's farmers
and growers to deploy their limited resources in a more efficient, effective, and environmentally
sustainable manner.

         Vine Rangers' UASs will be equipped with state-of-the-art equipment capable of
capturing near-infrared and thermal images in the vineyard. This data allows farmers to identify
patches of disease-ridden vines and assists with water, irrigation, soil, pesticide and fertilization
management. The ability to pinpoint and precision spray pesticides, rather than spray the entire
vineyard, reduces the risk of human exposure to pesticide. This also helps mitigate the negative
side-effects on the local ecology from pesticides which, for example, impact the honey bee,
commonly referred to as Colony Collapse Disorder.

         Vine Rangers is dedicated to providing technologically driven and innovative solutions to
getting farmers and growers the information they need to make informed decisions that will
allow them to produce better crops in a more sustainable and environmentally conscious manner.
To that end, Vine Rangers seeks an exemption to use UASs for the commercial purpose of
performing precision agricultural, surveys, imaging and inspections.

         The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

David Baeza, CEO
Vine Rangers, Inc.
2120 High Meadow Road
Solvang, CA 93463
805-686-4858

Email: baeza.david@gmail.com or
david.baeza@vinerangers.commailto:baeza.david@gmail.com
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 4

II. DESCRIPTION OF PROPOSED OPERATION

         Vine Rangers intends to use small UASs weighing less than 55 pounds for the purpose of
conducting aerial surveys and inspections of wine vineyards and other specialty crops. All UAS
operations will occur under tightly controlled conditions on privately owned vineyards and farms
at the owner's request and consent. These vineyards and farms are generally located in rural
valleys away from people, crowds, and buildings. The proposed UAS operations will be
conducted in accordance with the conditions and limitations of this Petition for Exemption and
Vine Rangers' Ops Manual. Among other things, Vine Rangers' proposed UAS operations will
be limited to daytime VFR conditions in uncontrolled airspace, and will occur at altitudes at or
below 400 feet AGL and at least 5 miles away from any airport.

         Traditionally, imaging technology from the agricultural survey and inspection industry
has had to rely on the use of full-scale rotorcraft or fixed-wing aircraft. These aerial surveys and
inspections have afforded farmers and growers with the critical information like imaging that
they need to maximize crop yield, in a conservative and sustainable manner. However,
conventional operations using rotorcraft and fixed-wing aircraft in low level operations present
risks associated with vehicles weighing thousands of pounds and carrying large amounts of fuel.
It is important to note that the use of small UAS will not only provide information in a more cost
efficient, sustainable, and ultimately, much safer manner, but the quality of the information will
be far superior. For example, the use of small UASs can provide improved resolution and
flexibility in imaging as low-flying UASs can collect sub-millimeter resolution crop images that
support analysis that is not possible with satellite or aircraft images. In the vineyard context,
small UASs will be capable of capturing canopy images from both above the rows, and also at
the canopy level--something that is impossible to do using conventional aircraft.

III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY

         This Petition for Exemption is submitted pursuant to Section 333(a) through (c) of the
FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 ("Reform Act"). Congress has directed the FAA
"to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft systems into the national airspace
system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA Administrator is to permit
unmanned aircraft systems to operate in the National Air Space ("NAS") where it is safe to do so
based on the following considerations:

          The UAS's size, weight, speed and operational capability;

          Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 5

          Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.

         Additionally, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from the
agency's safety regulations and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested
exemption is in the public interest. See 49 U.S.C. § 106(f) (defining the authority of the
Administrator); 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (permitting exemptions from §§ 44701(a), (b) and
§§ 44702 ­ 44716, et seq.). A party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the
exemption: (1) would benefit the public as a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or
how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to the existing rules). See 14 C.F.R. § 11.81
(petitions for exemption).

IV. VINE RANGERS' PROPOSED UAS OPERATIONS MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF _
         SECTION 333 OF THE REFORM ACT

         The small UAS operations proposed by Vine Rangers in this Petition for Exemption qualify
for expedited approval pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act as each of the statutory criteria
and relevant factors are satisfied.

         A. Approval is Warranted Based on the UAS's Size, Weight, Speed, and
                  Operational Capability

         Vine Rangers will only employ small UASs that meet the following characteristics to
perform the operations described in this Petition for Exemption:

      The unmanned aircraft ("UA") will weigh less than 20 pounds, including all equipment
         and payloads;

      The UA will not be flown at a speed in excess of 25 knots;

      The UA will not be flown at an altitude that exceeds 400 feet AGL;

      All flights will be flown in such a way that they can be safely terminated with a reserve
         battery power of 20% of the battery's maximum charge;

      Altitude information will be generated by equipment onboard the UA as specified using
         GPS triangulation, digitally encoded barometric altimeter, radio altimeter, or any
         combination thereof. This information will be transmitted to the pilot via telemetric data
         feed.

      The UAS will have system redundancies and independent functionality to ensure the
         overall safety and predictability of the system. If connection to the remote control or
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 6

         ground control station is lost, failsafe systems will permit the UAS to return to a
         predetermined location and safely land without injury or damage.

      The radio frequencies used for operations and control of the UAS will comply with the
         Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") or other appropriate government
         oversight agency requirements.

         B. Approval is Warranted Based on the Operational Restrictions Set Forth in the
                  Ops Manual

         The Vine Rangers' Ops Manual and the Manufacturer's Manual1 for the selected UAS
will contain all the procedures and limitations necessary to safely and successfully perform the
operations specified in this Petition for Exemption. To assist the FAA in making a safety
assessment of Vine Rangers' proposed operations, below is a summary of operational limitations
and conditions that will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to operations conducted
under current regulatory guidelines:

         1. The UAS weighs less than 20 pounds, fully loaded.

         2. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of a pilot, who will be Pilot-in
                  Command ("PIC") of the UAS, and one or more Visual Observers ("Observer") as
                  necessary to safely conduct the mission.

         3. The UAS shall be operated within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS") of the PIC and
                  Observer at all times. The PIC must use human vision unaided by any device
                  other than corrective lenses.

         4. The Observer designated for any operation will be in constant voice contact with
                  the PIC.

         5. The additional requirements identified in the exemption grant shall be added to
                  the Vine Rangers' Ops Manual. The Ops Manual will be maintained and made
                  available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
                  conditions and limitations in the granted exemptions and the Vine Rangers' Ops
                  Manual, the conditions and limitations in the granted exemptions shall take

1 The term "Manufacturer's Manual" includes all relevant manufacturer publications, including,
but not limited to: operations and flight manuals, user guides, component maintenance manuals,
pilot training manuals, service information letters and, safety/service bulletins.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 7

                  precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, Vine Rangers' must follow the
                  procedures outlined in their Ops Manual.

         6. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to the
                  amount of time the UAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power
                  of no less than 20%.

         7. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL and will
                  never enter navigable controlled airspace without prior written authorization and
                  approval from the FAA.

         8. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any
                  nonparticipating persons, unless that person is in a position where he or she is
                  shielded from the UAS and any possible debris resulting from UAS failure.
                  Flight will be terminated if a nonparticipating person within 500 feet of the UAS
                  leaves a shielded position. At no time will the UAS be conducted so close to
                  persons or objects to present an undue hazard to the PIC or Observer, per §
                  91.119(a).

         9. Flights will be limited to a speed of 25 knots.

         10. Prior to each flight the PIC shall inspect the UAS to confirm that it is in a
                  condition safe for flight. The PIC shall not operate the UAS if the inspection
                  reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS until the necessary
                  maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a condition for
                  safe flight. The Ground Control Station ("GCS") shall be included in the preflight
                  inspection. All maintenance and alternations must be properly documented in the
                  UAS records.

         11. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS
                  operation or flight characteristics (e.g., replacement of a flight critical component)
                  must undergo a functional test flight in accordance with Vine Rangers' Ops Manual.
                  The PIC who conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS
                  aircraft records of the flight. The requirements and procedures for a functional test
                  flight and UAS record entry shall be included in the Vine Rangers' Ops Manual.

         12. The UAS will be operated and maintained according to the Manufacturer's
                  Manuals and any required manufacturer Safety/Service Bulletins.

         13. Prior to the operation, there will be a Mission Plan setting forth the operational
                  limitations and conditions for the mission, as well as key personnel contact
                  information and a description of any potential hazards on or in the vicinity of the
                  survey site.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 8

         14. Vine Rangers will obtain an Air Traffic Organization ("ATO") issued Certificate
                  of Waiver or Authorization, otherwise known as a COA, prior to conducting any
                  operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will require Vine Rangers to
                  request a Notice to Airman ("NOTAM") with an appropriate ATC facility
                  between 48 and 72 hours before the flight.

         15. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state,
                  county or city jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other
                  appropriate governmental agencies.

         16. Vine Rangers will coordinate its operations with the Van Nuys Flight Standards
                  District Office ("FSDO"), or other appropriate local FSDO. This requirement
                  may be waived or modified by agreement with the applicable FSDO.

         17. If the UAS loses communication with the pilot, it will have the capability to
                  return to a pre-determined location within the operational area and land safely.

         18. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of
                  communication between the PIC and the Observer.

         19. The UAS will have the capability to safely abort flight in the case of unpredicted
                  obstacles or emergencies.

         20. PICs and Observers will have at least a current Class III Medical Certificate.

         21. Operations shall occur during daytime VFR Meteorological Conditions; flights
                  under special visual flight rules ("SVFR") shall not be conducted.

         22. The UA shall remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned
                  operations and activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight
                  vehicles, parachute activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).

         23. UAS Operations under Instrument Flight Rules, at night, or beyond VLOS are
                  prohibited.

V. REGULATIONS FROM WHICH EXEMPTION IS REQUESTED

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 9

under § 40101 of the Act, including UASs, from its safety regulations and minimum standards
when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the public interest.2

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from several interrelated provisions of Title 14 of the
Code of Federal Regulations ("14 C.F.R") Parts 21, 45, 61 and 91 for purposes of conducting the
requested operations using a UAS. Listed below are: 1) the specific sections of 14 C.F.R for
which exemption is sought, and 2) the operating procedures and safeguards that Petitioner has
established which will ensure a level of safety better than or equal to the rules from which
exemption is sought.3

         A. 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H ­ Airworthiness Certificates and 14 C.F.R. §
                  91.203(a)(1)

         The FAA has stated that no exemption is needed from this section if a finding is made
under the Reform Act that the UAS selected provides an equivalent level of safety when
compared to aircraft normally used for the same application. These criteria are met, and
therefore no exemption is needed. See Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-
2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. If, however, the FAA determines that there are some characteristics of
the chosen UAS that fail to meet the requirements of the Reform Act, an exemption is requested.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The UASs that Vine Rangers will use are safe when taking into account their size,
weight, speed, and operational capability. As set forth in the description of proposed operations
in Section II, the UAS weighs less than 55 pounds and will be flown at less than 50 knots and
completely outside controlled airspace. Additionally, the UASs carry neither pilots nor
passengers, carry no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operate exclusively
within the parameters stated in the Ops Manual.

         Operations conducted under this exemption will be closely controlled and monitored by
the operator and will be conducted in compliance with local public safety requirements, to
provide security for the area of operation. Vine Rangers will also provide the FAA with advance

2 See 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f) (authorizing the grant of exemptions from requirements of regulations
prescribed pursuant to Sections 44701(a) and (b) and Sections 44702 - 44716).
3 See 14 C.F.R § 11.81(e), which requires a petition for exemption to include:

         The reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how
         the exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to that provided by the
         rule from which you seek exemption.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 10

notice of all operations via NOTAMs and coordination with the local FSDO, as necessary. In all
cases, the UAS operated under the proposed conditions will be at least as safe as, or safer than,
conventional rotorcraft operating with an airworthiness certificate.

         Further, the UAS does not need a means to communicate with other aircraft or ATC,
because those capabilities will be possessed by the PIC and Observer, who are not onboard the
UAS. See Grant of Exemption, Docket FAA-2014-0352 at 13. In addition, no sense-and-avoid
technology is necessary for the UAS because it will be operated at all times in VFR conditions
and within VLOS of the PIC and Operator. See id.

         B. 14 C.F.R. Part 27 Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category
                  Rotorcraft

         Title 14 C.F.R. Part 27 sets forth the procedural requirements for airworthiness
certification of normal category rotorcraft. To the extent that Vine Rangers' small UASs would
otherwise require certification under Part 27, Petitioner seeks an exemption from Part 27's
airworthiness standards for the same reasons identified in the request for exemption from 14
C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H, supra.

         C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a): Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

         Inasmuch as there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the UAS, Vine Rangers
seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a), which requires that a civil aircraft be in airworthy
condition to be operated. The FAA has stated that no exemption is required for 14 C.F.R. §
91.7(a) to the extent that the requirements of Part 21 are waived or found inapplicable. See
Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 13-14, 22. Accordingly,
Petitioner requests that the requirements for § 91.7(a) be treated in accordance with Section
V(A), supra.

         D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft and 14
                  C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and
                  Registration

         Title 14 C.F.R. § 91.9(b)(2) and § 91.203(a) and (b) require the operator to carry
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals onboard the aircraft. Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. §
91.9(b)(2):

         (b) No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft ­
                  ...

         (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is required by § 21.5 of
         this chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved Airplane
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 11

         or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards,
         or any combination thereof.

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 91.203(a) and (b):

         (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it
         has within it the following:

         (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate...

         (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate
         required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization issued
         under § 91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to
         passengers or crew.

         Given the small size and configuration of the UAS, it would be impossible to keep
airworthiness documents and other aircraft manuals on board the UAS because there is simply no
room and the UAS has no cabin or cockpit.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In an FAA Office of Chief Counsel's Opinion dated August 8, 2014, and prepared by
Dean E. Griffith, Attorney, AGC-220, it was acknowledged that the intent of 14 C.F.R. 91.9(b)
and 91.203(a) and (b) is met if the pilot of the unmanned aircraft has access to the UAS flight
manual, registration certificate, and other required documents from the ground control station
from which he or she is operating the aircraft.4 As this FAA Office of Chief Counsel Opinion
clarifies, the intent of the rule is to ensure the pilot has access to these key documents during
flight. Therefore, an equivalent level of safety will be achieved by ensuring that the pilot has
access to the documents at the ground control station from which he or she is piloting the UAS.

         E. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a): Aircraft Marking and
                  Identification Requirements

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from the aircraft marking and identification
requirements contained in 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.9(c), 45.23(b) and 45.27(a).

4 Memorandum from Mark Bury, FAA Assistant Chief Counsel for International Law,
Legislation and Regulation, to John Duncan, FAA Flight Standards Service (Aug. 8, 2014); see
also Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 16-18.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 12

          14 C.F.R. § 91.9(c), Civil Aircraft Flight Manual, Marking and Placard requirements,
             provides that:

                  No person may operate a U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless that aircraft is
                  identified in accordance with Part 45 of this chapter.
          14 C.F.R. § 45.23(b), Markings of the Aircraft, states:

                  When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration
                  number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or
                  experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
                  display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot
                  station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the
                  words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport, "experimental," or "provisional,"
                  as applicable.
          14 C.F.R. § 45.27(a), Rotorcraft, states:

                  Each operator of a rotorcraft must display on that rotorcraft horizontally on
                  both surfaces of the cabin, fuselage, boom, or tail the marks required by
                  § 45.23.

         In a previous Grant of Exemption, the FAA determined that exemption from these
requirements was warranted provided that the aircraft "have identification (N-Number) markings
in accordance with 14 C.F.R Part 45, Subpart C if the markings are as large as practicable."
FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352.

         Equivalent Level of Safety
         All UA flown by Vine Rangers will bear N-number markings that are as large as
practicable in accordance with 14 C.F.R. Part 45, Subpart C.5

5 See, e.g., FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, at 14.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 13

         F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight Action

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.103, which requires a PIC to
become familiar with specific information before each flight, including information contained in
the FAA-approved Flight Manual on board the aircraft. While the PIC will be familiar with all
information necessary to safely conduct the flight, an exemption is requested to the extent that an
FAA-approved Flight Manual is required.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be provided by following the Vine Rangers' Ops
Manual and the Manufacturer's Manuals. The PIC will perform a series of checklists designed to
identify any defects or inoperable components in accordance with the Vine Rangers' Ops
Manual, including checklists covering Pre-Flight, Launch, Landing, and Post-Flight procedures.
The PIC will also be required to review weather, flight requirements, battery charge, landing and
takeoff distance, UA performance data, and contingency landing areas--before initiation of
flight. Vine Rangers' Ops Manual and the Manufacturer's Manual (and any other relevant
manufacturer publications) will be kept at the GCS and will be accessible to the PIC at all times
while operating the UAS.

         G. 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a): Flight Instruction

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a), which provides in
pertinent part that "[n]o person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free balloon) that is
being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual controls." UASs
and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design, do not have functional dual controls. Instead,
flight control is accomplished through the use of a device that communicates with the aircraft via
radio communications. Accordingly, an exemption will be required for the flight instruction
requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.109(a).

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Given the size and speed of the UAS that Vine Rangers intends to use, an equivalent
level of safe training can still be performed without dual controls because no pilot or passengers
are aboard the UAS, and as required by the Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, all persons will be a safe
distance away in the event that the UAS experiences any difficulties during flight instruction.
Moreover, as required by the Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, all flight training will be conducted in
controlled and sterile environment. As a whole, the safety procedures provided for in Vine
Rangers' Ops Manual ensure that the proposed UAS operations provide an equivalent or higher
level of safety than that provided by the flight instruction regulations.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 14

         H. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119: Minimum Safe Altitudes

         Vine Rangers requests an exemption from the minimum safe altitude requirements of 14
C.F.R. § 91.119. Section 91.119 prescribes the minimum safe altitudes under which aircraft may
not operate, including 500 feet above the surface and away from any person, vessel, vehicle, or
structure in non-congested areas. See 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c). Section 91.119(d) allows for a
helicopter to operate at less than those minimum altitudes when it can be operated "without
hazard to persons or property on the surface," provided that "each person operating the helicopter
complies with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA."

         An exemption is required because in order to perform the intended agricultural aerial
surveys and inspections, the UAS will need to be operated lower than 400 feet AGL. Further,
due to the nature of the proposed operations, the PIC and Observer(s) may at times be less than
500 feet away from the UAS.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         Compared to flight operations with rotorcraft weighing far more than the maximum
weights proposed herein, and given the lack of flammable fuel with the UASs, any risk
associated with these operations is far less than those that presently exist with conventional
aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, and speed of the
UASs, as well the controlled and sterile location where the operations will occur. In order to
avoid any risk to manned aircraft, flight operations will be restricted to 400 feet AGL or below.
As set forth in the Ops Manual, the UASs will be operated in a restricted area, and all flights will
be operated at a lateral distance of at least 500 feet from any nonparticipating persons, unless that
person is in a position where he or she is shielded from the UAS and any possible debris
resulting from UAS failure. As required by the Ops Manual, flights will be terminated if a
nonparticipating person within 500 feet of the UAS leaves a shielded position. Further, UAS
operations will occur at least 500 feet away from vehicles or structures unless the property
owner/controller has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of the risk of
operating closer to those objects and, operations near the PIC or Observer will not present an
undue hazard per § 91.119(a). As a whole, these requirements ensure a level of safety better than
or equal to the rules from which exemption is sought.

         I. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.121, which requires a person
operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude or flight level by reference to an altimeter that
is set to the elevation of the departure airport or barometric pressure. An exemption is required
to the extent that the UASs do not have a barometric altimeter, but rather a GPS altitude read
out.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 15

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety to the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §
91.121 can be achieved in circumstances where: (1) the UASs will be operated at 400 feet AGL
or below, (2) within VLOS, (3) where GPS based altitude information is relayed in real time to
the operator at a ground-based on-screen display and, (4) where prior to each flight, a zero
altitude initiation point is established for the PIC to confirm accuracy of the onboard GPS. See
Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, Docket No. FAA-2014-0352 at 21.

         The UASs that Vine Rangers uses for performing the proposed UAS operations will meet
all these operational characteristics. Moreover, as required by Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, the
PIC will be required to calibrate the aircraft's GPS compass prior to each flight operation. Like
the Grant of Exemption to Astraeus Aerial, the UASs Vine Rangers intends to use, and the safety
mitigation procedures contained in the Ops Manual, both ensure that an equivalent level of safety
will be achieved, and a grant of exemption to the requirements of § 191.121 is therefore
appropriate.

         J. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR
                  Conditions

         Vine Rangers requests an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a)'s fuel requirements for
flight in VFR conditions. Section 91.151 states:

         (a) No person may begin a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions unless
         (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the
         first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed ­

         (1) During the day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or

         (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes.

         Here, the technological limitations on UAS battery power means that no meaningful
flight operations can be conducted while still maintaining a 30-minute battery reserve. An
exemption from the fuel requirements of 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) is therefore required.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 16

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         The FAA has stated that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by requiring that
each UAS operation be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 20% battery power
remaining, whichever occurs first. See Grant of Exemption to Clayco, Inc., Docket No. FAA-
2014-0507 at 15. Vine Rangers' Ops Manual conforms to this limitation, and therefore provides
an equivalent level of safety.

         The UASs that Vine Rangers will use under this grant of exemption will include low
battery warning system. The amount of battery reserve power remaining will be transmitted to
the PIC via telemetric data feed, which downlinks from the UAS to a ground-based-on-screen
display. As required by Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, the PIC will promptly fly the UAS back to
the home launch location or pre-determined abort location where the UAS may safely land,
while still maintaining a minimum of 20% reserve battery power. Vine Rangers submits that the
procedures requiring flights to be safely terminated once the batteries fall below 20% capacity,
combined with the requirement that flights only be conducted within a secure, isolated area,
using a UAS weighting less than 20 pounds, and within VLOS of the PIC and Observer(s),
ensure that the proposed operation will provide an equivalent or higher level of safety to that
provided by the regulations from which exemption is sought.

         K. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b):
                  Maintenance Inspections

         Vine Rangers seeks an exemption from the maintenance inspection requirements
contained in 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b). These
regulations specify maintenance and inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. See,
e.g., 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) (stating that each owner or operator of an aircraft "[s]hall have the
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections
...have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter"). An exemption from
these regulations is needed because Part 43 and these sections only apply to aircraft with an
airworthiness certificate, which the UAS to be operated under this grant of exemption will not
have.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because maintenance and inspections will
be performed in accordance with the Manufacturer's Manuals and any required manufacturer
Safety or Service Bulletins. Further, as required by Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, the PIC will
conduct a pre-flight inspection of the UAS and all associated equipment to account for all
discrepancies and/or inoperable components. Maintenance will be performed and verified to
address any conditions potentially affecting safe operation of the UAS and no flights will occur
unless, and until all flight critical components of the UAS have been found to be airworthy and
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 17

in a condition safe for operation. A functional test flight will be conducted following the
replacement of any flight-critical components. As required by Vine Rangers' Ops Manual, the
PIC who conducts the functional test flight will make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the
flight.

         Vine Rangers' Ops Manual also includes requirements to follow the manufacturer's UAS
aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements
for the following applicable components: powertrain system (powerplant), propellers, avionics
and control surfaces (including ailerons/elevons), structures & airframe, camera system,
electrical systems (including batteries), GCS, hazard accessories, and spare parts. Further, Vine
Rangers' Ops Manual also includes procedures to document and maintain a record of the UAS
maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement /overhaul component
parts, and the total time in service of the UASs used under this grant of exemption. As a whole,
the maintenance and inspection procedures required in Vine Rangers' Ops Manual ensure that an
equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

         L. 14 C.F.R. § 61.113: Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations

         Vine rangers seeks exemption from 14 CFR § 61.113, which restricts private pilot
certificate holders from flying aircraft for compensation or hire, and would also require a second
class medical certificate. The purpose of Part 61 is to ensure that the skill and competency of
any PIC matches the airspace in which the PIC will be operating, as well as requiring
certifications if the private pilot is carrying passengers or cargo for hire. In this case, while the
UASs will be operated as part of a commercial operation, it carries neither passengers nor cargo.
In the Grant of Exemption in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352, the FAA determined that the
unique characteristics of UAS operation outside of controlled airspace did not warrant the
addition cost and restrictions attendant with requiring a the PIC to have a commercial pilot
certificate and class II medical certificate.

         The restrictions Vine Rangers has placed on its UAS operations meet or exceed the
restrictions similarly imposed on Astraeus Aerial in FAA Docket No. FAA-2014-0352. Vine
Rangers will operate away from persons and property not involved in the operation, and flights
will be conducted using VLOS at 400' AGL or below. A NOTAM will be issued between 48
and 72 hours before the flight is to occur, and the flight will be coordinated with the applicable
FSDO.

         Equivalent Level of Safety

         In addition to these flight restrictions, Vine Rangers will further ensure safe operation by
requiring that any PIC be thoroughly versed not only in airspace and communication issues
pertaining to all aircraft operators but also in the unique aspects of UAS flight. As set forth in
the Operations Manual, Pilots will have experience not only in UAS operations generally but
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 18

have logged flight time in the specific make and model used for the operations before they are
permitted to participate in commercial flights on behalf of Vine Rangers. Petitioner believes that
this system will provide a higher level of competency and proficiency for its pilots.

VI. DRUG AND ALCOHOL PROGRAM

         Vine Rangers will have policies in place to ensure that no person may participate in UAS
flight operations if they are under the influence of alcohol or any drug.

VII. PUBLIC INTEREST

         The public interest will be served by granting Vine Rangers' Petition for Exemption.
Congress has established a national policy that favors early integration of UAS into the NAS in
controlled, safe working environments such as those proposed in this Petition. Granting this
Petition for Exemption helps fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the
Reform Act--the FAA Administrator's assessment of whether certain UAS may operate safely in
the NAS before completion of the statutorily required rulemaking.

         The proposed UAS operations in this Petition for Exemption significantly improve safety
and reduce risk by alleviating the public's exposure to danger and emissions associated with
traditional agricultural aerial survey and inspection methods, namely, full size fixed-wing aircraft
and rotorcraft. The UASs Petitioner intends to use are battery powered and create no emissions.
Moreover, in the unlikely event that one of Petitioner's UASs crash, there is no fuel to ignite and
explode. Any accident involving Petitioner's lightweight UASs will present significantly less
danger to the pilot and other individuals on the ground than one involving a full size helicopter.

         Moreover, the agricultural modeling and imaging resulting from Vine Rangers' UASs
will provide farmers and growers with the information they need to produce more from their land
while also conserving valuable resources like water and energy. The ability to pinpoint and
precision spray pesticides reduces human exposure to pesticides and also mitigates negative side-
effects on the ecology of the farm/vineyard associated with overuse of pesticides. The public as
a whole will benefit from an agricultural industry that can harness the power of new technologies
to produce better crops in a cost-effective, sustainable and environmentally conscious manner.

VIII. PRIVACY

         All Vine Ranger UAS operations will be conducted in accordance with applicable
federal, state, or local laws regarding privacy. Vine Rangers will not conduct flight operations
over property that it does not own or control without the prior consent and knowledge of the
property owner.
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 19

IX. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

         Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
FEDERAL REGISTER, should it be determined that publication is needed:

         Petitioner seeks an exemption from the following rules in Title 14 of the Code of Federal
Regulations:

         Part 21, Subpart H; Part 27; 45.23(b); 45.27(a); 61.113; 91.7(a); 91.9(b)(2); 91.9(c);
91.103; 91.109(a); 91.119; 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.203 (a) & (b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1) & (2); 91.417 (a) & (b).

         The exemption will enhance safety by reducing risk to the general public and property
owners from the substantial hazards associated with performing equivalent agricultural aerial
surveys and inspections with conventional fixed-wing aircraft, rotorcraft, or other methods.

X. CONCLUSION

         Vine Rangers' Petition for Exemption satisfies the criteria articulated in Section 333 of
the Reform Act of 2012 including weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and
populated areas, operation within VLOS and national security. The proposed UAS operations
will benefit the public as a whole by improving safety and reducing risk by alleviating human
exposure to danger. The public also benefits from improving the quality, environmental
friendliness, and cost-effectiveness of comparable agricultural surveys and inspections
completed with conventional flight operations. In consideration of the foregoing, this Petition
for Exemption provides the FAA with more than adequate justification for granting the requested
exemptions allowing Vine Rangers to perform precision agricultural surveys and inspections
using small UAS.

         We thank you for your prompt consideration of our requested exemptions. Should you
have any questions, or if you need any additional information to support the requested
exemptions, please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned.

                                                               Very truly yours,

                                                               /s/ Matthew J. Clark
                                                               Matthew J. Clark
                                                               Lisa M. Ellman
                                                               Mark E. McKinnon
                                                               Counsel for Vine Rangers
U.S. Department of Transportation
January 13, 2014
Page 20

(The following attached items contain proprietary and commercial information exempt from
disclosure under the Freedom of Information Act, 5 U.S.C. § 522 et seq., and should be held in a
separate file pursuant to 14 C.F.R. § 11.35(b)).

Attachment A: Vine Rangers' UAS Operations Manual

DC 51195545.1
