July 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11980
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1393

Mr. John Hancock
President
Visual Advantage
5 Lorraine Station Road
Richmond, VA 23238

Dear Mr. Hancock:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 21, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Visual Advantage (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial photo
and video services.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Spreading Wings S800, DJI Spreading Wings
S900 and DJI Spreading Wings S1000.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
                                                                                                                 2

operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Visual Advantage is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Visual Advantage is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Spreading
    Wings S800, DJI Spreading Wings S900 and DJI Spreading Wings S1000 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.

    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
            Visual Advantage

                                                 5 Lorraine Station Road
                                                  Richmond, VA 23238

April 21, 2015

United States Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
West Building Ground Floor Room W12-140
Washington, DC 20590

RE: Visual Advantage's Petition for Exemption to Operate Unmanned Aircraft Systems for Aerial
Photography and Videography

Dear Sir or Madam:

Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (FMRA) and 14 C.F.R. Part
11, Visual Advantage hereby applies for an exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations (FARs)
listed herein and any other necessary to allow its operation of small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS)
to support its real estate sales photo and video production services to include the use of small unmanned
aircraft systems (UAS) to include aerial photo and video services. The requested exemption would
permit the operation of DJI Spreading Wings S800 and S1000 UAS to obtain aerial photographs and
video for real estate sales.

BACKGROUND

Visual Advantage provides photo and video production services to support commercial and residential
real estate sales in the state of Virginia and has plans to expand services on a regional basic from
Virginia to Florida. Traditional photography and videography is current used for interior and exterior
jobs. Visual Advantage would like to support its services and include aerial photography and
videography through the use of small UAS.

The Unmanned Aircraft (UA) described herein is smaller, lighter and more maneuverable than
conventional aircraft running on combustible fuel, operates at lower altitudes with no people on board
and will thereby reduce current risk levels and enhance safety. With a small payload and maximum
flight time of only 15 minutes, this offers little or no risk to national security.
April 21, 2015  Page 2

THE UNMANNED AIRCRAFT (UA)

DJI Spreading Wings S1000 (primary system)

          S1000 Airframe
                  o Professional grade.
                  o Under 25 pounds takeoff weight
                  o 8 motors
                  o 7 to 15 minute flight time depending on battery size

          DJI A2 - Flight Controller with GPS
                  o Provides Fail Safe features that allow the aircraft to return to the launch point and
                      land automatically in the event the command and control signal is lost or the battery
                      has reached a pre-determined threshold. If battery reaches a critical level, the aircraft
                      will descend and land at the current location. Control of the aircraft is maintained
                      during descent to allow the PIC to guide it to a safe landing.
                  o Home Lock function allows safe return of the aircraft in the event of a motor failure
                  o Contains a database of airports and restricted airspace and automatically prevents
                      operation in these areas

          DJI 5.8 GHz Video Downlink Transmitter ­ FCC Licensed.
          DJI iOSD Mark II - On Screen Display of Telemetry. The iOSD Mark II superimposes

             telemetry data on the video downlink to provide the pilot with heading, speed, height,
             distance, GPS information, and current battery voltage as well as indicating proximity to
             airports and restricted airspace. Direction back to launch point is also indicated.

DJI Spreading Wings S800 EVO (Backup System)

          S800 EVO Airframe
                  o Professional Grade
                  o Under 18 pounds takeoff weight
                  o 6 motors
                  o 7 to 15 minute flight time depending on battery.

          DJI A2 ­ Flight Controller. Same as S1000
          DJI 5.8 GHz Video Downlink (same as S1000)
          DJI IOSD Mark II Telemetry (same as S1000)
April 21, 2015  Page 3

GROUND STATION EQUIPMENT

The ground station equipment is comprised of a dual control system.

          Primary controller is for the Pilot in Command (PIC)
                  o 2.4 GHz radio control unit (FCC Licensed)
                  o 5.8 GHz video receiver (FCC Licensed)
                  o Display of video and telemetry

          Camera Controller operates the camera gimbal and does not affect aircraft control.
                  o 2.4 GHz radio control unit. (FCC Licensed)
                  o 5.8 GHz video receiver (both PIC and Cameraman receive the same signal)
                  o Display of video and telemetry
                  o Directional antenna for improved video reception.

GROUND CREW

          Pilot in Command (PIC). The pilot in command will have at least a private pilot license and
             a third class medical.

          Camera Operator (optional). The Camera operator controls the camera onboard the aircraft
             for photography and videography missions.

          Visual Observer (VO). The visual observer will provide additional situational awareness
             during flight operations.

OPERATIONAL PARAMETERS

    1. The UAS will weigh less than 55 pounds.
    2. Flights will be operated within visual line of sight of a pilot and/or observer.
    3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 15 minutes. Flights will be

         terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 30 minute limit.
    4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet (122 meters) AGL. Unless a

         specific COA is obtained, the limit will be according to the "blanket" COA of 200 feet (61
         meters). Typical operations are at or below the tree canopy level and within the bounds of the
         owner's property.
    5. UAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and third class
         medical. PIC will have completed operator and safety training from Visual Advantage. PIC will
         also have accumulated and logged at least 25 hours total time as a UAS rotorcraft pilot including
         at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS and 5 hours in the same make
         and model of UAS proposed under this exemption request. AMA rules will be used to
         accumulate flying time and practice emergency procedures. PIC will also remain current for the
         type of aircraft for which the PIC is licensed.
    6. Permission will be obtained from the property owner.
    7. Pilot and observer will be able to communicate by voice at all times during the operation.
    8. The UAS will only be operated during daytime hours in VFR weather conditions.
    9. Operations may not be conducted aboard a moving device or vehicle.
April 21, 2015  Page 4

    10. Operation near airports will be conducted according to the "blanket" COA unless another COA
         is obtained.
              5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or
              3 NM from an airport with a published instrument flight procedure, but not an operational
                  tower; or
              2 NM from an airport without a published instrument flight procedure or an operational
                  tower; or
              2 NM from a heliport with a published instrument flight procedure

    11. Maximum speed 50 knots.

PRE-FLIGHT CHECKLIST

    1. Weather conditions are suitable for VFR flight and wind is 20 knots or less.
    2. Measure battery voltage to make sure batteries are sufficiently charged before takeoff.
    3. Verify that all wiring connections are tight.
    4. Raise and lock all rotor arms. Inspect for cracks, damage, and loose hardware.
    5. Check to make sure propellers are secure and free from dirt, cracks and chips.
    6. Turn on camera equipment.
    7. Install main battery and check balance.
    8. Verify all switch positions on the RC transmitters. Generally they are all in the forward position

         with the exception of the Mode which should be set to "GPS".
    9. Turn on radio control transmitters and video equipment.
    10. Connect the UAS main battery. Check for radio connection with RC transmitters and video

         downlink.
    11. During warmup, check the A2 Flight Controller LED indicator. One green flash indicates GPS

         mode. Wait for both of the following LED indications:
             a. A string of 10 or more green flashes indicating that the forward direction has been
                  recorded.
             b. 2 or less red flashes to indicate that 5 or more GPS satellites have been obtained. This
                  may also be observed on the video telemetry.

    12. Announce your intention to take off by announcing "Take Off".

DOCUMENTATION

The following documents are attached and provided to support this petition.

          DJI Spreading Wings S800 EVO User Manual Version 1.10
          Spreading Wings S1000 User manual Version 1.2
          A2 Flight Controller System User Manual Version 1.20
          iOSD (On Screen Display) User Manual Version 2.10
          Visual Advantage Preflight Checklist
April 21, 2015  Page 5

SPECIFIC SECTIONS OF 14 C.F.R. FROM WHICH PETITIONERS SEEK AN EXEMPTION

    A. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in Command.

These regulations limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Because the UAS will not carry a
pilot or passengers and be operated within limited areas and altitudes, the proposed operations can
achieve the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to
have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS.

    B. 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a) Civil Aircraft Airworthiness

While the UAS will not have an airworthiness certificate in accordance with 14 C.F.R. part 21, Subpart
H, the airworthy condition of the UAS will be the responsibility of the PIC in accordance with 14 C.F.R.
§ 91.7(b).

    C. 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c) Minimum safe altitudes over congested and other areas

This regulation establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft over areas other than congested
areas. Visual Advantage requests relief from this section with respect to persons involved in the
operation as well as vehicles and structures. The UAS will not be operated above 400 feet altitude. It
will be operated in a defined area where people and buildings will not be exposed to operations without
their pre-obtained consent.

    D. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121 Altimeter Settings

This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by reference to an
altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate altimeter setting
available before departure." As the UAS does not have a barometric altimeter, an exemption is
requested. The UAS Flight Controller utilizes GPS equipment aided by a static pressure sensor to
determine and maintain altitude. The aircraft altitude above the takeoff point is provided in the video
downlink telemetry information and provides sufficient information for the PIC to maintain altitudes at
or below the 400 foot (122 meter) limitations.

    E. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a) Fuel requirements for flight in VFR conditions

Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR conditions
unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to fly to the first point of
intended landing, and, assuming normal cursing speed ­ (1) During the day to fly after that for at least
30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

Given that the UAS aircraft only fly for a maximum of 30 minutes and typically carry about 15 minutes
of batter power, an exemption is requested. The UAS operations are always conducted within a few
minutes of the takeoff and landing point and within a restricted area. Visual Advantage believes that
terminating the flight with 25% remaining battery power provides an equivalent amount of safety that is
intended by section 191.151(a).
April 21, 2015           Page 6

    F. 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a) Maintenance Required;
         14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1) Operation after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding or
         alteration;
         14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2) Inspections;
         14 C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance Records

These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as provided in
paragraph (c) of this section have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with part 43.

Given that the sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections
will not apply to the Petitioner. Maintenance will be accomplished by the operator pursuant to the
Owner's Manuals. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because these small UAS are very
limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of
time. If mechanical issues arise, the UAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher
than 400 feet AGL. The operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initial flight,
perform required maintenance and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is
the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy
condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. The FAA issued exemption to these regulations in
Exemption No. 11062.

SUMMARY TO BE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER

Petitioner: Visual Advantage

Sections of 14 C.F.R Affected: §§ 61.113(a) and (b); § 91.7(a); § 91.119(c); § 91.121; § 91.151(a); §
91.405(a); § 91.407(a)(1); §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2); §§ 91.417(a) and (b)

Description of Relief Sought: Visual Advantage seeks relief from the requirements of 14 C.F.R. §§
61.113(a) and (b); 14 C.F.R. § 91.7(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.119(c); 14 C.F.R. § 91.121; 14 C.F.R. §
91.151(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.405(a); 14 C.F.R. § 91.407(a)(1); 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 14
C.F.R. §§ 91.417(a) and (b) to operate small unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of real
estate aerial photo and video production.

Respectfully Submitted,

John Hancock
President
Visual Advantage
5 Lorraine Station Road
Richmond, VA 23238
