August 6, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12373
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1970

Mr. Adrey Arrojo
Visual Aerial Pros
15954 Southwest Sixth Street
Pembroke Pines, FL 33027

Dear Mr. Arrojo:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Visual Aerial Pros (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Inspire 1 and DJI Phantom 3.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Visual Aerial Pros is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Visual Aerial Pros is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 and
         DJI Phantom 3 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
(May 15, 2015)

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Under Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and
Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam:
Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
(the "Reform Act") and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Visual Aerial Pros, seeks an
exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") detailed below for
(1) DJI Inspire 1, and (1) DJI Phantom3 quadcopters manufactured by DJI
Innovations.

The requested exemption would support an application for a commercial
Certificate of Authorization to use the system to support aerial photography
and videography. The DJI Inspire 1 (6.5lb) and DJI Phantom3 (3lb) consist
of a battery operated aircraft, a tablet-based ground control station and/ a
RC Controller, and associated communications equipment. Both aircrafts
carry an onboard geo-referenced gimbaled camera that allows it to obtain
photography and videography.

The Unmanned Aircraft System will be operated in the field with a PIC in
accordance with FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational
Requirements for UAS".

Visual Aerial Pros respectfully requests the grant of exemption allowing to
operate lightweight, remote controlled UAS's lawfully and safely.

Visual Aerial Pros also respectfully requests Exemption Request Section
333 from (but not limited to) the Specific Sections of Title 14 of the Code of
Federal Regulations and part ll of the Federal Aviation. Regulations listed
below.
14 C.F.R.45.23(b); 14 CFR Part 21; 14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b); 91.7 (a); 91.9
(b) (2); 91.103(b); 91.109; 91.119; 91.121~ 91.151(a); 91.203(a) & (b);
91.405 (a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409 (a) (2); 91.417 (a) & (b)

The extent of relief Visual Aerial Pros seeks and the reason why:

Visual Aerial Pros is seeking relief from any applicable FARs operating to
prevent Visual Aerial Pros from conducting aerial shots of real estate and
other possible legal flight operations. The weight of the UAS meets the
definition of ''small unmanned aircraft" found in section 331 "The Reform
Act". Visual Aerial Pros seeks to operate legally as a small business that
cater mostly to real estate agents. Realtors are not allowed to use UAS's or
hire unless they or the person they hire, is allowed by the FAA to fly a UAS.
Visual Aerial Pros would satisfy the need for safe and affordable aerial
shots.

At less than 7 pounds, Visual Aerial Pros uses UAS that is considerably
less than 55 pounds including the camera that is attached. The UAS will be
used at speeds under 35 mph because of the nature of the business and
the limited physical capabilities of the UAS. It is designed to hover and take
pictures. The UAS will be in accordance with flying well below 400ft.

The UAS in which Visual Aerial Pros would be using only utilizes battery
power for its operations. There are no combustible fuels used in the UAS
that Visual Aerial Pros uses. The maximum flight time for our particular
UAS is 20 minutes battery life. It will fly no more than 15 minutes maximum
at one time at one location. The amount of time the UAS will be in the air,
less than 400ft, is very minimal.

A Safety system in place for Visual Aerial Pros UAS includes a GPS mode
that allows the UAS to return home if communication is lost. Further, the
GPS onboard allows the UAS to return back to its launched position if the
battery life of the UAS is low.
THE GROUND STATION PART OF THE SYSTEM:

A Pilot in Command (PIC) in operational control of a flight operation from
beginning to end and who controls the UAS while in the air. Additionally,
the line of site of the UAS will not leave the sight of the PIC.

A 2.4GHz radio transmitter/controller operated by the PIC to control the
U.AS while in flight;

A radio receiver receiving live video,and flight data from the on-board
camera and computer. It projects it all in one screen to the Pilot in
Command

The UAS, weighing less than 7lbs fully loaded, is powered by batteries and
operates with no people on board which lowers the likelihood of death or
serious bodily injury. With a small payload consisting of harmless
electronics such as a camera and GPS, the UASs only purpose is to be
used as a tool to take pictures and videos.

Low level aerial photos and video from several angles are far more
effective than ground based photos. Low level aerial video and pictures
show the layout of properties with the advantage of seeing more in one
photo or short video.

Current applicants have used helicopters and small planes for this purpose
but the cost of fuel, time, and emissions of such aircraft is not efficient
enough for most customers to afford.

The benefits of reduced cost and improved efficiency of the UAS allows
future customers to afford this service with a faster turnaround time at a
lesser cost.

Additionally, I respectfully request that VISUAL AERIAL PROS be allowed
to use the UAS to benefit possible first responders our local area for
actions that could benefit the public. Such as, fires and search and rescue.
Visual Aerial Pros will not operate a UAS near airports and generally does
not fly over crowds. Situational awareness is most important. The areas
where Visual Aerial Pros conducts aerial photography is predetermined
which allows for a controlled environment to operate safely.
With allowing Visual Aerial Pros to conduct business with a light weight
UAS, it could very well help the economy and benefit people in first
response situations. Further, Visual Aerial Pros UAS is considerably lighter
than the alternative which is a helicopter or small plane. Currently, Visual
Aerial Pros has 2 UAS which only operates off 20 minutes of battery power.
Therefore, the UAS used by Visual Aerial Pros would only have a flight time
of 5 - 15 minutes at one time. The likelihood of injury or even death with
such a small unmanned aircraft, compared to an aircraft flown by a person
loaded with combustible fuel, is considerably low

SUMMARY:

Visual Aerial Pros is more than willing to follow the safety guidelines of the
FAA Policy N 8900.227 Section 14 "Operational Requirements for UAS'1
with the appropriate exemptions for flying a small UAS.

A-No flight will be made with a UA Gross weight exceeding 55lbs

B- All operations must occur in FAA Class G airspace at no more than 400
ft. AGL, at an airspeed of not more than 25 knots and no further than 3/4
NM from the Pilot In Charge

C- Operations will be restricted to flights over private property with the
permission of the property owner

D- All required permits will be obtained from state and local government
prior to operation

E- The UAS will not be operated over densely populated areas

F- The UAS will not be operated at air shows

G- The UAS will not be operated over any open-air assembly of people

H-The UAS will not be operated over heavily trafficked roads
I-The UAS will not be operated within 5 NM of an airport or heliport

J- Operations will be restricted to day only and weather conditions
equivalent to VFR

K- The PIC will notify property owner about the operation and risk before
the first flight at each new location;

L- No flight may be made without a Pre-Flight Inspection by the PIC before
each operation to ascertain that the UAS is in a condition safe for flight (see
Appendix A).

My operations above are the bare minimum safety guidelines Visual Aerial
Pros will follow. Visual Aerial Pros is also more than willing to follow any
additional safety requirements if not listed above.

Visual Aerial Pros believes flying its UAS as a small business within the
safety parameters of the FAA, can help people and promote the economy.

The name and contact information of the applicant is:
Visual Aerial Pros
Attn; Adrey Arrojo
Phone: 305-431-3777
Email: VISUALAERIALPROS@GMAIL.COM

Visual Aerial Pros respectfully requests that the FAA grant its exemption
request without delay. I very much look forward working together with you
guys. Thank you for your time.

Respectfully,

Adrey Arrojo
Visual Aerial Pros
305-431-3777
