June 15, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11817
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1095

Mr. Zachary Jacobs
Waking Sky LLC
16844 68th Street North
Loxahatchee, FL 33470

Dear Mr. Jacobs:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 15, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Waking Sky LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography for motion picture, television, and commercial video industry.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
                                                                                                                 2

aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Waking Sky LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Waking Sky LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2
         when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any
         other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,
/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Zachary Jacobs 
16844 68th st N 
Loxahatchee, FL 33470 
Telephone: 2174543755 
Zach@wakingsky.com 
 
April 15, 2015 
 
U. S. Department of Transportation 
Docket Management System 
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE  
Washington, DC 20590 
 

          Re:   Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the 
                  Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b)14 CFR Part 2114 CFR 
                  61.113 (a) & (b) 91.7 (a)91.9 (b) (2)91.103(b) 91.10991.119 91.121 
                  91.151(a)91.203(a) & (b)91.405 (a) 91.407(a) (1) 91.409 (a) (2)91.417 (a) & 
                  (b). 

           
 Dear Sir or Madam: 
  

         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the 
 Reform Act) and 14 C.F.R. Part 11, Waking Sky, developer and operator of Small Unmanned 
 Aircraft Systems ("sUASs") equipped to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture, 
 television and commercial video industry, hereby applies for an exemption from the listed 
 Federal Aviation Regulations ("FARs") to allow commercial operation of its sUASs, so long 
 as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may 
 be established by the FAA as required by Section 333. 

          
         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of 
 small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive sUAS under controlled conditions in airspace 
 that is 1) limited 2) predetermined 3) controlled as to access and 4) would provide safety 
 enhancements to the already safe operations in the film and television industry presently 
 using conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and 
 fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to 
 "...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national 
 airspace system." Section 333(c) of the Reform Act. 
          
  The name and address of the applicant is: 

                    
         Waking Sky LLC 
         Attn: Zachary Jacobs 
         Ph: 2174543755 
        Email: Zach@wakingsky.com 
        Address: 16844 68th st N, Loxahatchee, FL 33470 
  
  
 Regulations from which the exemption is requested: 
  

                    14 CFR Part 21 
                    14 C.F.R. 45.23(b) 
                    14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) 
                    14 C.F.R. 91.7 (a) 
                    14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2) 
                    14 C.F.R. 91.103 
                    14 C.F.R. 91.109 
                    14 C.F. R. 91.119 
                    14 C.F.R. 91.121 
                    14 CFR 91.151 (a) 
                    14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b) 
                    14 CFR 91.405 (a) 
                    14 CFR 407 (a) (1) 
                    14 CFR 409 (a) (2) 
                    14 CFR 417 (a) & (b) 
  
 This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 
333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to 
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national 
airspace system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of 
the Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to determine which 
types of UASs do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a threat to 
national security in light of the following: 
  
                    · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability 
                    · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated 
                    · Operation of the UAS within visual line of sight of the operator. 
                     
 Reform Act § 333 (a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate 
safely in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe 
operation of such aircraft in the national airspace system." Id. §333(c) (emphasis added) A 
  
 _________________________________________________________________________ 

 A Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for 
exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it 
should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval. 

  
 The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This 
statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under 
§40101 of the Act, that includes sUASs, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must have 
a current airworthiness certificate. 
  
 The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed 
under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 4470244716 of this title if the 
Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest. 49 U.S.C. §44701(f) See also 49 
USC §44711(a) 49 USC §44704 14 CFR §91.203 (a) (1). 
  
 Waking Sky LLC''s sUASs are rotorcraft, weighting 55 or fewer lbs. including payload. They 
operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and have the 
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will 
operate only in line of sight and will operate only within the sterile area described in the Flight 
Safety Manual, attached as Exhibit B (hereinafter "the Manual"). Such operations will insure 
that the sUAS will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the 
public." B 
  
 Given the small size of the sUASs involved and the restricted sterile environment within 
which they will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent 
level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow 
commercial operations of UASs to commence immediately. Also due to the size of the UASs 
and the restricted areas in which the relevant sUASs will operate, approval of the application 
presents no national security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform 
Act, the authority contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended the strong equivalent 
level of safety surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, 
including enhanced safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions 
associated with allowing UASs for movie and television operations, the grant of the 
requested exemptions is in the public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully 
requests that the FAA grant the requested exemption without delay. 
  
  
 AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY 
  

        The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that 
have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations 
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the 
current regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety 
enhancement to the already safe movie and television filming operations conducted with 
conventional aircraft. 

         
__________________________________________________________________________ 
B Reform Act Section 333 (b). 
  
 These limitations and conditions to which Waking Sky LLC agrees to be bound when 
conducting commercial operations under an FAA issued exemption include: 
  
 1. The sUAS will weigh less than 55 lbs. 
 2. Flights will be operated within line of sight of a pilot and/or observer. 
 3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be 20 minutes. Flights will be 
terminated at 25% battery power reserve should that occur prior to the 25 minute limit. 
 4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL or, not more than 200 
feet above an elevated platform from which filming is planned. 
 5. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot, the Visual Observer, and 
the Camera Operator. 
 6. sUAS pilot will be an FAA licensed airman with at least a private pilot's certificate and 
third class medical. The observer will hold at least a third class medical. 
 7. sUAS Pilot will be Pilot in Command (PIC). 
 8. The UAS will only operate within a confined "Sterile Area" as defined in the Manual. 
Section C of the Manual requires the establishment of a "Security Perimeter" for the flight 
operations area. 
 9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each day's 
production activities. It will be mandatory that all personnel who will be performing duties 
within the boundaries of the safety perimeter be present for this briefing. 
 10. The operator will file a FAA Form 77111, or its equivalent, as modified in light of the 
requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight Standards District Office. 
 11. The operator will obtain the consent of all persons involved in the filming and ensure 
that only consenting persons will be allowed within 100 feet of the flight operation, and this 
radius may be reduced to 30 feet based upon an equivalent level of safety determination, as 
required by Section F of the Manual. With the advanced permission of the relevant FSDO, 
operations at closer range can be approved. (See Section B in the Manual Appendix B) 
 12. The operator will submit a written Plan of Activities to the FSDO three days before the 
proposed shoot as required in Section C of the Manual. 
 13. Pilot and observer will have been trained in operation of UAS generally and received 
uptodate information on the particular UAS to be operated as required Sections G of the 
Manual. 
 14. Observer and pilot will at all times be able to communicate by voice. 
 15. Written and/or oral permission from the relevant property holders will be obtained. 
 16. All required permissions and permits will be obtained from territorial, state, county or city 
jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental 
agencies. 
 17. If the sUAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UAS will have capability 
to return to a predetermined location within the Security Perimeter and land. 
 18. The sUAS will have the capability to abort a flight in case of unpredicted obstacles or 
emergencies. 
  
  
 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1) 
  
 Subpart H, entitled Airworthiness Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for 
the issuance of airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size 
and limited operating area associated with the aircraft to be utilized by the Applicant, an 
exemption from Part 21 Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety 
under Part 11 and Section 333 of the Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 
U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both authorize the FAA to exempt 
aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon consideration of the size, 
weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and populated areas of the 
particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated 
without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions 
proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or 
rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions 
proposed. 
  
 The sUAS to be operated hereunder is less than 55 lbs. fully loaded, carries neither a pilot 
nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and operates 
exclusively within a secured area as set out in the Manual. Unlike other civil aircraft, 
operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, 
pursuant to the Manual's requirements, and under the requirements and in compliance with 
local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation as is now done 
with conventional filming. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations. These safety 
enhancements, which already apply to civil aircraft operated in connection with motion 
picture and television production, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and 
property owners than conventional operations conducted with airworthiness certificates 
issued under 14 C.F.R. Part 21, Subpart H. Lastly, application of these same criteria 
demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its 
size, speed of operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid 
fuels, and inability to carry a substantial external load. 
  
 14 C.F.R. § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft 
  

          The regulation requires: 
           

                    When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration 
                   number is displayed on limited, restricted or lightsport category aircraft or 
                   experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also 
                   display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot 
                   station, in letters not less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words 
                   "limited," "restricted," "lightsport," "experimental," or "provisional," as 
                   applicable. 
                     
        Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be 
needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the 
word "Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the sUAV, twoinch lettering will be 
impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with 
§45.29 (f). 
        The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUAV marked on its 
fuselage as required by §45.29 (f) where the pilot, observer and others working with the 
sUAV will see the identification of the UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the 
following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions Nos. 10700, 8738, 10167 and 10167A. 

                   
 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations: Pilot in 
Command. 
  
 Sections 61.113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to noncommercial operations. Because the 
UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent 
level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a 
private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small UAS. 
Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely 
controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and restricted, 
and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Manual. The level of 
safety provided by the requirements included in the Manual exceeds that provided by a 
single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The 
risks associated with the operation of the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk 
associated with commercial operations contemplated by Part 61 when drafted, that allowing 
operations of the sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC exceeds the present level 
of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. §61.113 (a) & (b). 
  
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness. 
  
The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy 
condition. As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this 
exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. 
Given the size of the aircraft and the requirements contained in the Manual for maintenance 
and use of safety check lists prior to each flight, as set forth in Sections C & D, an equivalent 
level of safety will be provided. 
  
 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft. 
  
 Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides: 

          No person may operate a U.S.registered civil aircraft ... 
           
          (2) For which an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this 
         chapter, unless there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or 
         Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual material, markings, and placards, or any 
         combination thereof. 
  
 The sUAS, given its size and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a flight 
manual on the aircraft, not only because there is no pilot on board, but because there is no 
room or capacity to carry such an item on the aircraft. 
  
 The equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground 
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to it. The FAA has 
issued the following exemptions to this regulation: Exemption Nos. 8607, 8737, 8738, 9299, 
9299A, 9565, 9565B, 10167, 10167A, 10602, 32827, and 10700. 
  
 14 C.F.R. § 91.103: Preflight action 
  
 This regulation requires each pilot in command to take certain actions before flight to insure 
the safety of flight. As FAA approved rotorcraft flight manuals will not be provided for the 
aircraft an exemption will be needed. An equivalent level of safety will be provided as set 
forth in Sections D of the Manual. The PIC will take all actions including reviewing weather, 
flight battery requirements, landing and takeoff distances and aircraft performance data 
before initiation of flight. 
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.109: Flight instruction: 
  
 Section 91.103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned free 
balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual 
controls. 
  
 sUASs and remotely piloted aircraft, by their design do not have fully functional dual 
controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box that communicates 
with the aircraft via radio communications. The FAA has approved exemptions for flight 
training without fully functional dual controls for a number of aircraft and for flight instruction 
in experimental aircraft. See Exemption Nos.5778K & 9862A. The equivalent level of safety 
provided by the fact that neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft and by 
the size and speed of the aircraft. 
        Safe simulation and practice flight will be carried out in controlled environments.  All 
simulations will be carried out on a computer using the drone controls.  Any practice flying 
will take place in a safe environment, with no risk to human life below. 
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes 
  
 Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119 (d) 
allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the person 
operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters by the 
FAA. As this exemption is for a sUAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests 
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated 
platform from which filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such 
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Manual, the 
UAS will never operate at higher than 400 AGL. It will however be operated in a restricted 
area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to operations 
without their preobtained consent. 
  
 The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the UAS as 
well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the permission of the 
property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the property owner and 
participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware of the planned flight 
operations as set forth in Section C of the Manual. Compared to flight operations with aircraft 
or rotorcraft weighting far more than the maximum 55lbs. proposed herein and the lack of 
flammable fuel, any risk associated with these operations is far less than those presently 
presented with conventional aircraft operating at or below 500 AGL in the movie industry. In 
addition, the lowaltitude operations of the sUAS will ensure separation between these 
smallUAS operations and the operations of conventional aircraft that must comply with 
Section 91.119. 
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.121 Altimeter Settings 
  
 This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by 
reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure airport or an 
appropriate altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a 
barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An 
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety 
Checklist, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator 
before flight. 
  
 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions 
  
 Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under VFR 
conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel to 
fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed ­ (1) During the 
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 
minutes." 
  
 The battery powering the sUAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To 
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 CFR §91.151, sUAS flights would be limited to 
approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area 
and the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame 
for flight in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable. 
  
 Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 CFR §91.151(a) falls within the scope of prior 
exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate without 
compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area where 
only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will be 
allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that 
Section 91.151(a) was intended to alleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS. 
Additionally, limiting sUAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the 
exemption will be granted. 
  
 Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to 25 
minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more 
than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited 
operating area. 
  
 Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 
5745, 10673, and 10808. 
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration 
  
 The regulation provides in pertinent part: 

               (a) Except as provided in § 91.715, no person may operate a civil aircraft unless 
                    it has within it the following: 

                
               (1) An appropriate and current airworthiness certificate. . . . 
                
               (b) No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the airworthiness certificate 

                    required by paragraph (a) of this section or a special flight authorization 
                    issued under §91.715 is displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is 
                    legible to passengers or crew. 
  
 The UAS fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs and is operated without an onboard pilot. 
As such, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to 
display them on the sUAS. 
  
 An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping these documents at the ground 
control point where the pilot flying the sUAS will have immediate access to them, to the 
extent they are applicable to the sUAS. The FAA has issued numerous exemptions to this 
regulation. A representative sample of other exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565, 
9665, 9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700. 
  
 14 C.F.R. §91.405 (a) 407 (a) (1) 409 (a) (2) 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections 
  
 These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft 
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, 
except as provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as 
prescribed in part 43 of this chapter...," and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in 
compliance with Part 43. 
 Given that these section and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, 
these sections will not apply to the applicant. Maintenance will be accomplished by the 
operator pursuant to the flight manual and operating handbook as referenced in the 
Manual.(See Sections B, D and G) An equivalent level of safety will be achieved because 
these small UASs are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and operate only in 
restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS can land 
immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in the 
Manual, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working order prior to initiating flight, 
perform required maintenance, and keep a log of any maintenance performed. Moreover, the 
operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in 
an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety. 
  
  
 Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the 
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed: 
  

                    Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules: 
                                14 C.F.R. §21, subpart H 14 C.F.R 45.23(b)14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( 

                          a) & (b)91.7 (a) 91.9 (b) (2)91.103(b)91.109 91.119 91.121 
                          91.151(a)91.203(a) and (b) 91.405 (a) 91.407 (a) (1) 91.409 (a) (2) 
                          91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small 
                          unmanned vehicle (55lbs or less) in motion picture and television 
                          operations. 
  
 Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of sUASs in the film industry will 
enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using jet or piston power 
aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the subject being filmed and in 
extreme proximity to people and structures and present the risks associated with vehicles 
that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or other fuel (140 
gallons for jet helicopters shown below). Such aircraft must fly to and from the film location. 
In contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries eliminates virtually 
all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board. The 
sUAS is carried to the film set and not flown. The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew 
and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated with manned aircraft flights. 
  
 The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict conditions 
outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant of the 
exemptions requested herein, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of 
Part 21 and allowing commercial operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow 
speeds, close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than 
conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity to the 
ground and people. 
  
 UASs Details: See Appendix B 
  
  

        Safety Features: 
                        Emergency "ReturnToHome" / OneKey GoHome 
                                 At the beginning of each flight a home point is set.  This home 
                                     point is set in accordance with the manual to allow for a safe 
                                     takeoff and return.  Should the pilot's control lose signal with the 
                                     UAS or manually request a return, the UAS will return to the 
                                     starting point. (See section 6.4 of the device manual) 

                                                                                                            
                        Built in No Fly Zone Database, with nofly perimeters around all 

                           airports.(See Appendix A) 
                                                                

  
 Privacy 
  
 All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's prior 
consent and knowledge. Filming will be of people who have also consented to being filmed 
or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place. 
  
 Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012size, weight, 
speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation within 
visual line of sight and national security ­ provide more than adequate justification for the 
grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS in the 
motion picture and television industry pursuant to the Manual appended hereto. 
 
 

                                                                                       Sincerely 

                                                                                                    

                                                                             Zachary Jacobs 
                                                                             Waking Sky LLC 
                                                                             CoFounder 

Appendix A: Florida NoFly Zones 

 

 The below nofly zones are built into the crafts firmware. The NoFly zones are broken down 
  into 2 categories: red and blue. The red zones are around larger airports and as an added 
 layer of security the UAS cannot take off from within the Red zone (1.5 miles radius).  With 
 smaller airports(blue), the UAS will be unable to fly or take off within 0.6mi for the restricted 
 area. Although these zones show areas where the UAS is unable to fly, Waking Sky's Pilots 

                          will not operating within 5 nautical miles of any airport. 
                                                                

 As a safety precaution, Waking Sky LLC's pilots will not operating within 5 nautical miles of 
any airport similar to the permission granted in Exemption No. 11153  Regulatory Docket 
No. FAA20140519, page 25, "20. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an 
airport reference point as denoted on a current FAApublished aeronautical chart unless a 
letter of agreement with that airports management is obtained, and the operation is 
conducted in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operators COA. The letter of 
agreement with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon 
request." 
  
 As well as in Exemption No. 11195  Regulatory Docket No. FAA20140884, page 12, "19. 
The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a 
current FAApublished aeronautical chart unless a letter of agreement with that airports 
management is obtained, and the operation is conducted in accordance with a Notice to 
Airmen (NOTAM), as required by the operators Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). 
The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available to the 
Administrator upon request." 
  
 Waking Sky LLC requests the same flexibility as exemptions 11153 and 11195 for acquiring 
agreement with the airports' management should operations fall within 5 nautical miles of an 
airport.  

                                            Firmware Restricted Zones 
            

     
Miami 

               

       
Key West 
                                                                       

 
                                                   Ft. Lauderdale

                                                                    

        
Cape Coral 
                                                                    

 
                                                              
                                                              
                                                              
                                                              

                                                 West Palm Beach 

                                                                    

       
Sarasota 
                        

        
Tampa Bay

                     

              
Orlando/Melbourne 
                 

           
           
           
           
           
           
Daytona Beach 

                                                                  
 
Jacksonville 

                

         
         
         
         
Panama City 

                

        
Pensacola 
                                                                                                                             

                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                       Appendix B: Safety Manual 
                                                            
A. Maintenance  
         a. The UAS must be inspected by a factory trained technician every 10 flight 
              hours. All maintenance records will be maintained for inspection as set forth in 
              Section B.  
         b. If any maintenance is undergone, the UAS must pass a flight test with both a 
              pilot and a manufacturer trained technician before flight.  
B. Record Keeping 
         a. A digital record will be kept for all flights, flight times, and maintenance records.  
C. Securing Flight Site 
         a. FSDO Submissions 
                 i. The UAS operator will file a FAA Form 77111, or its equivalent, as 
                        modified in light of the requested exemption, with the appropriate Flight 
                        Standards District Office. 
         b. Safety Parameter 
                 i. Before filming occurs, a 100 yard perimeter from the planned flight path 
                        will be identified in order to set a "sterile" environment for the operation. 
                             1. Waking Sky LLC must obtain written or oral permission from all 
                                 landowners in sterile environment.  
                             2. 48 hours before filming, all residents or businesses within 100 
                                 yards of the filming will be notified with printed flyers. 
                                      a. Flyers will contain date of flight, time of flight, and contact 
                                           information. 
                             3. Streets and sidewalks that cross into the sterile environment will 
                                 be marked with "Warning Low flying Aircraft  Stay Back 150ft" 
                                 signs to warn the public. 
                             4. At all times Waking Sky LLC will carry $1mm in general liability 
                                 insurance in case of any damage to property or persons within 
                                 the safety parameter 

         c. Identify potential obstacles  
                 i. Before each flight, an inventory will be taken for all potential obstacles 
                        that must be avoided while in flight.  Including: 
                             1. Powerlines 
                             2. Cell Phone Towers 
                             3. Trees 
                             4. Flocks of birds that may take flight 
                             5. Heavily traveled roadways 
                             6. Utility wires 
                             7. Elevated structures 
                             8. At least 5 nautical miles from the nearest airport or helipad. 

D. PreFlight Checklist 
         a. Take Off Location/ "Home" 
                 i. The UAS will mark its take off location as a safe area to return to should 
                        the UAS lose signal with the control or if the pilot signals the craft to 
                        return to its "home" location. 
                             1. Take off location will be in an area with a 25ft radius with no 
                                 obstructions, maintaining said radius vertically 200ft. 
                             2. The UAS will take off and land in the same location. 
                             3. GPS Altimeter will be marked as 0' elevation 
         b. Flight Canceling Events 
                 i. All flights will be cancelled for a minimum of 2 hours if any of the below 
                        occur: 
                             1. Police activity in the area 
                             2. Low flying aircraft in the area 
                             3. Medical/News Helicopters active in the area 
                             4. Wind exceeding 10 mph 
                             5. Any emergency requiring emergency services occurs within the 
                                 sterile environment 
                             6. PIC is unable to complete flight without losing visual of the UAS 
                             7. Any precipitation  
                             8. Heavy bird presence in the area that could cause a midair 

                                 collision. 
                             9. Any defects or damage found during preflight exam 
         c. Physical Inspection 
                 i. Before each flight the UAS will be checked to ensure that it is safe for 
                        flight. 
                             1. Battery voltage will be checked to ensure it is >75% 
                             2. Blades will be inspected to ensure they are tightened and free of 

                                 damage 
                             3. Camera mount and gimbal will be inspected to ensure it is fully 

                                 attached and operating. 
                             4. UAS will be checked for any damage that may have taken place 

                                 in transit. 
                             5. The UAS will be tested at a low altitude to ensure all controls are 

                                 responding correctly. 
                             6. Battery checked for damage that could affect its charge 
                 ii. If any party of the inspecting shows a damaged part or parts, the UAS is 
                        deemed nonusable and must be inspected by a factory trained 
                        technician./  
         d. Post Flight Inspections/Checklist 
                 i. After each flight, the the UAS will be thoroughly inspected for any 
                        damage that occurred in flight.   
                             1. Body inspected for any damage 
                             2. Blades visually checked for any damage at all 
                             3. Battery checked for damage 
E. MidAir Safety Protocol 
         a. Max Speed 
                 i. Accent 
                             1. 6m/s 
                 ii. Decent 
                             1. 2m/s 
                iii. Flight Speed 
                             1. The UAS is never to exceed 10m/s 
         b. Altitude 
                 i. The UAS is never to exceed 400ft 
         c. Emergency 
                 i. If it appears that the UAS, any property or humans are at risk, the UAS 
                        will be grounded immediately to a safe location. 
         d. Sight 
                 i. The pilot must keep the UAS within eyesight at all times unassisted by 
                        any technology.  
F. Participation by nonpilot staff 
         a. All staff involved in the production or filming using the UAS will consent to 
              maintain a safe distance of at least 30 ft during the filming. 

G. Pilot/Spotter Training 
         a. Before flying, both the Pilot and spotter will receive updated information on the 
              UAS and its firmware.   
                 i. The controller allows for a simulator training, both the pilot and spotter 
                        are allowed to run through the simulator training  
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                                            
                                     Appendix B : UAS Information 
                                                            
                                                DJI Phantom 2 
                                  

                        
             Model:P330Z 
         Serial: PH64605635 

                        
      Camera: GoPro 4 Black 

                        
See Appendix C for user manual 

                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
     Appendix C: User Manual 
                        
                                                            
 
 
                                                             
 
 
                                                                                                                               
 
 
 

                                                                                                                        
                                                                 
 
                                                            
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                         
 
 
 
 
                                                          
 
 
                                                    
 
 
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 1 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1095

                                       DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
                                     FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION
                             CERTIFICATE OF WAIVER OR AUTHORIZATION

ISSUED TO
Waking Sky LLC
16844 68th Street North
Loxahatchee, FL 33470

   This certificate is issued for the operations specifically described hereinafter. No person shall conduct
any operation pursuant to the authority of this certificate except in accordance with the standard and special
provisions contained in this certificate, and such other requirements of the Federal Aviation Regulations not
specifically waived by this certificate.
OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED
Operation of DJI Phantom 2 Unmanned Aircraft Systems at or below 200 feet Above Ground Level (AGL)
for the purpose of aerial data collection.

LIST OF WAIVED REGULATIONS BY SECTION AND TITLE
N/A

                                               STANDARD PROVISIONS
1. A copy of the application made for this certificate shall be attached and become a part hereof.
2. This certificate shall be presented for inspection upon the request of any authorized representative of the
Federal Aviation Administration, or of any State or municipal official charged with the duty of enforcing
local laws or regulations.
3. The holder of this certificate shall be responsible for the strict observance of the terms and provisions
contained herein.
4. This certificate is nontransferable.
Note-This certificate constitutes a waiver of those Federal rules or regulations specifically referred to
above. It does not constitute a waiver of any State law or local ordinance.

                                                 SPECIAL PROVISIONS
Special Provisions are set forth and attached.
This certificate FAA-2015-1095-333E is effective from June 23, 2015 to June 30, 2017 and is subject to
cancellation at any time upon notice by the Administrator or his/her authorized representative.

BY DIRECTION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR

FAA Headquarters, AJV-115                /S/
            (Region)
                                     Jacqueline R. Jackson
         June 15, 2015                      (Signature)
            (Date)
                           Manager, UAS Tactical Operations Section
   FAA Form 7711-1 (7-74)                   (Title)

                           Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                        Commercial Purposes March 2015
                           FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment    Page 2 of 6
                                                  FAA-2015-1095

STANDARD PROVISIONS

A. General.

1. The approval of this COA is effective only with an approved FAA Grant of Exemption.

2. A copy of the COA including the special limitations must be immediately available to all
    operational personnel at each operating location whenever UAS operations are being
    conducted.

3. This authorization may be canceled at any time by the Administrator, the person
    authorized to grant the authorization, or the representative designated to monitor a
    specific operation. As a general rule, this authorization may be canceled when it is no
    longer required, there is an abuse of its provisions, or when unforeseen safety factors
    develop. Failure to comply with the authorization is cause for cancellation. The operator
    will receive written notice of cancellation.

B. Safety of Flight.

1. The operator or pilot in command (PIC) is responsible for halting or canceling activity in
    the COA area if, at any time, the safety of persons or property on the ground or in the air
    is in jeopardy, or if there is a failure to comply with the terms or conditions of this
    authorization.

See-and-Avoid

Unmanned aircraft have no on-board pilot to perform see-and-avoid responsibilities;
therefore, when operating outside of active restricted and warning areas approved for
aviation activities, provisions must be made to ensure an equivalent level of safety exists
for unmanned operations consistent with 14 CFR Part 91 §91.111, §91.113 and §91.115.

a. The pilot in command (PIC) is responsible:

    · To remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities at
         all times,

    · For the safety of persons or property on the surface with respect to the UAS, and

    · For compliance with CFR Parts 91.111, 91.113 and 91.115

b. UAS pilots will ensure there is a safe operating distance between aviation activities
and unmanned aircraft (UA) at all times.

c. Visual observers must be used at all times and maintain instantaneous communication
with the PIC.

d. The PIC is responsible to ensure visual observer(s) are:

                                                     Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                  Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 3 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1095

             · Able to see the UA and the surrounding airspace throughout the entire flight, and

             · Able to provide the PIC with the UA's flight path, and proximity to all aviation
                  activities and other hazards (e.g., terrain, weather, structures) sufficiently for the
                  PIC to exercise effective control of the UA to prevent the UA from creating a
                  collision hazard.

         e. Visual observer(s) must be able to communicate clearly to the pilot any instructions
         required to remain clear of conflicting traffic.

    2. Pilots are reminded to follow all federal regulations e.g. remain clear of all Temporary
         Flight Restrictions, as well as following the exemption granted for their operation.

    3. The operator or delegated representative must not operate in Prohibited Areas, Special
         Flight Rule Areas or, the Washington National Capital Region Flight Restricted Zone.
         Such areas are depicted on charts available at
         http://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/flight_info/aeronav/. Additionally, aircraft operators
         should beware of and avoid other areas identified in Notices to Airmen (NOTAMS)
         which restricts operations in proximity to Power Plants, Electric Substations, Dams,
         Wind Farms, Oil Refineries, Industrial Complexes, National Parks, The Disney Resorts,
         Stadiums, Emergency Services, the Washington DC Metro Flight Restricted Zone,
         Military or other Federal Facilities.

    4. All aircraft operated in accordance with this Certificate of Waiver/Authorization must be
         identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
         identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C.
         Markings must be) as large as practicable.

C. Reporting Requirements

    1. Documentation of all operations associated with UAS activities is required regardless of
         the airspace in which the UAS operates. NOTE: Negative (zero flights) reports are
         required.

    2. The operator must submit the following information through
         mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov on a monthly basis:
         a. Name of Operator, Exemption number and Aircraft registration number

         b. UAS type and model

         c. All operating locations, to include location city/name and latitude/longitude

         d. Number of flights (per location, per aircraft)

         e. Total aircraft operational hours

         f. Takeoff or Landing damage

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 4 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1095

    g. Equipment malfunctions. Reportable malfunctions include, but are not limited to the
         following:
         (1) On-board flight control system
         (2) Navigation system
         (3) Powerplant failure in flight
         (4) Fuel system failure
         (5) Electrical system failure
         (6) Control station failure

3. The number and duration of lost link events (control, performance and health monitoring,
    or communications) per UA per flight.

D. Notice to Airmen (NOTAM).

    A distant (D) NOTAM must be issued when unmanned aircraft operations are being
    conducted. This requirement may be accomplished:

    a. Through the operator's local base operations or NOTAM issuing authority, or

    b. By contacting the NOTAM Flight Service Station at 1-877-4-US-NTMS (1-877-487-
         6867) not more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 24 hours prior to the
         operation, unless otherwise authorized as a special provision. The issuing agency will
         require the:

         (1) Name and address of the pilot filing the NOTAM request

         (2) Location, altitude, or operating area

         (3) Time and nature of the activity.

         (4) Number of UAS flying in the operating area.

AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SPECIAL PROVISIONS

  A. Coordination Requirements.

       1. Operators and UAS equipment must meet the requirements (communication,
            equipment and clearance) of the class of airspace they will operate in.

       2. Operator filing and the issuance of required distance (D) NOTAM, will serve as
            advance ATC facility notification of UAS operations in an area.

       3. Operator must cancel NOTAMs when UAS operations are completed or will not be
            conducted.

       4. Coordination and deconfliction between Military Training Routes (MTRs) is the
            operator's responsibility. When identifying an operational area the operator must

                                                              Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                                                            Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment            Page 5 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1095

evaluate whether an MTR will be affected. In the event the UAS operational area
overlaps (5 miles either side of centerline) an MTR, the operator will contact the
scheduling agency 24 hours in advance to coordinate and deconflict. Approval from
the scheduling agency is not required. Scheduling agencies are listed in the Area
Planning AP/1B Military Planning Routes North and South America, if unable to gain
access to AP/1B contact the FAA at email address
mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov with the IR/VR routes affected and the
FAA will provide the scheduling agency information. If prior coordination and
deconfliction does not take place 24 hours in advance, the operator must remain clear
of all MTRs.

B. Communication Requirements.

1. When operating in the vicinity of an airport without an operating control tower,
    announce your operations in accordance with the FAA Aeronautical Information
    Manual (AIM) 4-1-9 Traffic Advisory Practices at Airports without Operating Control
    Towers.

C. Flight Planning Requirements.

Note: For all UAS requests not covered by the conditions listed below, the exemption
holder may apply for a new Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) at https://oeaaa.faa.gov/oeaaa/external/uas/portal.jsp

    This COA will allow small UAS (55 pounds or less) operations during daytime VFR
    conditions under the following conditions and limitations:

      (1) At or below 200 feet AGL; and

      (2) Beyond the following distances from the airport reference point (ARP) of a public use
           airport, heliport, gliderport, seaplane base and military airports listed in the
           Airport/Facility Directory, Alaska Supplement, or Pacific Chart Supplement of the
           U.S. Government Flight Information Publications.
               a) 5 nautical miles (NM) from an airport having an operational control tower; or

               b) 3 NM from an airport having a published instrument flight procedure, but not
                    having an operational control tower; or

               c) 2 NM from an airport not having a published instrument flight procedure or an
                    operational control tower; or

               d) 2 NM from a heliport, gliderport or seaplane base

D. Emergency/Contingency Procedures.

1. Lost Link/Lost Communications Procedures:

                                  Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
                                               Commercial Purposes March 2015
FAA FORM 7711-1 UAS COA Attachment  Page 6 of 6
                    FAA-2015-1095

         · If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
             pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property and land.

         · The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

     2. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
     boundaries defined in this COA must be reported to the FAA via email at
     mailto:9-AJV-115-UASOrganization@faa.gov within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
     to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
     NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov

AUTHORIZATION
This Certificate of Waiver or Authorization does not, in itself, waive any Title 14 Code of
Federal Regulations, nor any state law or local ordinance. Should the proposed operation
conflict with any state law or local ordinance, or require permission of local authorities or
property owners, it is the responsibility of the operator to resolve the matter. This COA does not
authorize flight within Special Use airspace without approval from the scheduling agency. The
operator is hereby authorized to operate the small Unmanned Aircraft System in the National
Airspace System.

Small UAS Operations 200 feet and below for
             Commercial Purposes March 2015
