July 9, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12004
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-0324

Mr. Christopher Weldon
President
Weldon & Associates, Inc.
632 W. Central Ave.
Orange City, FL 32763

Dear Mr. Weldon:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 4, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Weldon & Associates, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption.
The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct real estate
property photos, cinematic services, and cell tower inspections.. See Appendix A for the
petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and the regulations that the
petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI S-1000.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
                                                                                                                 2

consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1 and closed set motion picture and
filming. The FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material
respects to those presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus
Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and
11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the
enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described
by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of
significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA
good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Weldon & Associates, Inc. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and filming. This exemption is subject to the
conditions and limitations listed below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Weldon & Associate, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI S-1000 when
    weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
    aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
                                                                                                            4

    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
                                                                                                            5

    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
                                                                                                               6

       (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
       be as large as practicable.

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.
                                                                                                                 7

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
Weldon & Associates, Inc. (DBA OrlandoAerial.com), Orlando FL    Section 333 Exemption Petition 

February 4th, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave, SE
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of the Federal Aviation Regulations
from 14 C.F.R. 45.23(b); 14 C.F.R. Part 21; 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.9(b) (2);
91.103(b); 91.109; 119.121; 91.151(a); 91.203(a)&(b); 91.405(a); 91.407(a) (1); 91.409(a) (2);
91.417(a)&(b)

Dear Sir or Madam,

I, Christopher Weldon (Owner and Lead Pilot, Weldon & Associates, Inc. DBA
OrlandoAerial.com), am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012
and the procedures contained within 14 C.F.R. 11, to request that I, Christopher Weldon, an
owner and operator of small unmanned aircraft, be exempted from the Federal Aviation
Regulations ("FARs") listed below so that I, Christopher Weldon, may operate our small
unmanned aircraft system ("sUAS") commercially in airspace regulated by the Federal Aviation
Administration ("FAA").

As described herein I, Christopher Weldon, am a State Licensed Building Contractor1 and Home
and Property Inspector2 within the State of Florida and an FAA Licensed Private Pilot3 with
Instrument rating, High Performance Endorsements and Complex Aircraft Endorsements
receiving my training at former Comair Aviation Academy (now named Aerosim) of Sanford
Florida in 1998.

Our primary Small Unmanned Aircraft System (sUAS) operations would be confined, but not
limited to Aerial Photography of Real Estate land and buildings for marketing purposes,
Cinematography for commercial and marketing videos, and Cell Tower Inspections for EPA
Habitat Monitoring and Safety/Equipment Deterioration Monitoring.

Regarding the Unmanned Aircraft System

Our operations will include the use of, but not limited to, DJI S1000 Professional Octo-copter.
Each sUAS aircraft is heavily inspected on a weekly basis for abnormalities to its construction
and operating thresholds as well as pre and post-flight inspections. In our current configuration,
the takeoff weight is 17lbs, far below the requirement of 55lbs to classify as small UAS.

Please review the enclosed Pilot Operators Handbook and User's Manual for the DJI S1000 for
references to inspections, checklists, flight standards, limitations and operating procedures. All
of which are on-hand and referenced during flight operations.

                                                            
1 Florida State Lic. No.  CBC1255029 
2 Florida State Lic. No.  HI2078 
3 FAA PPL Cert. No.  2881219 
 

  Page 1 of 5 
 
Weldon & Associates, Inc. (DBA OrlandoAerial.com), Orlando FL    Section 333 Exemption Petition 

     Pilot Operators Handbook (POH) published by Troy Built Models, Sarasota FL
     DJI S1000 User's Manual published by manufacturer DJI, Inc.
     sUAS Maintenance, Repair and Inspection Log
     Futaba 8FG Super 14 Instruction and Operations Manual (This device complies with part

         15 of FCC rules, see page 5 of operators manual enclosed)
     HiTec Aurora 9X Instructions and Operations Manual (This device Complies with Part

         15 of FCC rules, see page 2 of operators manual enclosed)

We have chosen this platform, DJI's S1000, as a mainstay of future operations due to the number
of safety features and redundancies built-into this model' platform and its electronics. Both by
the manufacturer and our testing, we have found that it supports our objectives well while
maintaining a high level of safety during flight and with its operations area.

The Transmitters/Receivers used for operations are conducted on both 2.4gHz and 5.8gHz
frequency ranges. Aircraft controls and video gimbal controls all run within the 2.4gHz range
while the video feed will be transmitting over the 5.8gHz range.

Regarding Unmanned Aircraft PIC

As mentioned earlier, I, Christopher Weldon, hold an FAA Private Pilot's License with
Instrument rating since 1998 without incident. I have also been involved with hobby and R/C
aviation for many years. My training in both aircraft flight characteristics and the National
Airspace System (NAS) gives me a well-rounded background in aviation and its regulations,
requirements and standards to more than adequately act as Pilot In Command of an sUAS safely
within the NAS.

    1. While operating as Pilot In Command (PIC), the sUAS pilot should maintain a minimum
         of Private Pilot's License (PPL) and a current Class III flight medical.

    2. When operations require photos, a two man operation should be used, the PIC controlling
         the flight of the sUAS and an observer to maintain Visual Line of Site (VLOS) with the
         aircraft at all times as per Section 333(b)(1).

    3. When operations require video or filming, a three man operation may be needed, the PIC,
         a camera operator using separate controls to operate the camera and its gimbal and
         electronics and an observer to maintain visual VLOS with the aircraft at all times as per
         Section 333(b)(1).

Regarding the Operation of Unmanned Aircraft

A primary safety feature of the model we have chosen includes a return to home feature to which
if signal is lost, the sUAS will return to its takeoff location. This feature has been tested both by
the manufacturer and our pilots on multiple instances. This feature performed flawlessly each
time it was tested. Another safety feature of the model we chose is the redundancy of motors (8)
to be exact. Upon testing of a motor failure, the sUAS performed as if it was running on all

 

  Page 2 of 5 
 
Weldon & Associates, Inc. (DBA OrlandoAerial.com), Orlando FL    Section 333 Exemption Petition 

motors. The flight characteristics didn't change even with full motor failure. There were no
noticeable issues with safe flight during failure.

To include, but not limited to the safety procedures in the POH, other on-site measures such as a
small sign notifying our surroundings that we are conducting aerial photography operations and
to maintain min. 30' distance until operations are complete. See example of small sign enclosed
in this packet.

Standard operations should be held at or below 375ft above ground level (AGL) with a
maximum horizontal airspeed of 27mph (12meters/second). All operations shall be performed
using VFR standards.

As per (14 CFR § 91.7(b)), Preflight and safe operations checklists are enclosed in the POH for
review.

If any area of flight will take place near (within 5 miles) of an operating airport, we will file for a
COA for that flight to notify the local control tower of our intended operations prior to flight.

Types of Operations

    1. Aerial Photography for Real Estate Property ­ most all operations will be conducted
         in low density areas not be a safety hazard to the surrounding areas. Most operations will
         be conducted within a 30-45 min. time frame minimizing time on site. These operations
         will enhance the marketing of real estate and its surroundings allowing the seller to
         portray a realistic image of his/her property as well as allow the local surroundings to be
         seen by many looking to migrate thus positively impacting the local economy. During
         construction projects, aerial photography will help with monitoring job sites and
         marketing new projects that will increase the value of the surround properties.

    2. Commercial Film and Videography ­ most all operations will be conducted within a
         closed set and will have minimal if any impact on the surroundings. The services
         provided will allow local vendors and retailers to market their goods and services to
         outside clients. This will promote the areas filmed and increase traffic and revenue to the
         local economies. Using local environments to film for other types of projects will
         promote an awareness of that location and increase business for the community.

    3. Cell Tower Inspections ­ Wireless services are a major part of our personal, business
         and governmental activities. Supporting and maintaining these services are an ongoing
         battle as technology and environment must operate hand in hand. Operations will be
         conducted within a 30ft-90ft radius around the tower being photographed and no more
         than 25ft-35ft above. Most cell towers are set at a height of 250' above the ground, thus
         keeping all operations below the 400ft altitude requirement for hobby aircraft and sUAS
         technology. Most tower locations are set in low impact areas, not to impede upon the
         populous so our operations would not be impactful to populated areas. Based on
         conversations with wireless and mobility engineers and our current testing results, the
         cell tower frequencies normally operate using the 800mHz range and the 1,300mHz
         ranges thus not interfering with our transmitter/receiver frequencies noted about.
         Currently we have only tested our capabilities within the South Eastern United States, but

 

  Page 3 of 5 
 
Weldon & Associates, Inc. (DBA OrlandoAerial.com), Orlando FL    Section 333 Exemption Petition 

         our goal is to provide much needed services across the nation in regards to the areas
         described below.

             a. Environmental Studies - We have been working with local and national offices
                  within the Wireless industry to test the uses of sUAS technology and its
                  capabilities in the field of Cell Tower Inspections. We have already been able to
                  safely monitor (from a safe distance) environmentally protected species that
                  currently nest in towers within the southeastern United States. This nesting can
                  cause issues with maintenance that must be performed to keep mobile
                  communication systems up and running. With the ability to monitor these
                  species, we are able to determine when a tower is active or inactive without
                  disturbing the environment in the process. Currently there is cost effective or
                  accurate method of doing this without the use of sUAS operations.

             b. Equipment Monitoring and Deterioration ­ We would like to use the sUAS for
                  inspecting towers for metal fatigue, metal corrosion and equipment deterioration.
                  Currently, the inspections are conducted by full crews with boom truck and full
                  equipment. Our operations will be able to give the providers (Tower
                  Owner/Operator) accurate real-time imaging of equipment and its condition
                  minimizing the current workforce and re-allocating them to more needed
                  operations. This will also allow the providers to evaluate equipment over time to
                  see what lifespans of equipment are necessary based on location and weather
                  impact. As metal and weather don't mix, corrosion takes place. Our inspections
                  will give the provider information regarding safety issues like guy wire harness
                  corrosion and tower bracket bolt corrosion information. This will help the
                  provider determine time frame and replace needs in a safe manner rather than
                  waiting for a crew to climb and evaluate eventually.

14 CFR Parts (Request for Exemption from)

Part 21, Subpart H  We respectfully request exemption from this part as it pertains to
                    certificates of airworthiness to which would be near impossible due to the
Part 61             size and characteristics of the aircraft proposed. Because we are operating
                    under the size requirements for sUAS, this would be expensive and
Part 91.103(b)(2)   impractical.
Part 91.105         We respectfully request that the minimum requirement for commercial use
Part 91.109         of sUAS flight fall under the guidelines of FAA Private Pilot's License.
Part 91.119         No transporting of goods or passengers take place under our operations and
                    all flights will operate within VFR rules.
                    Pre-Flight Inspections ­ No exemption necessary unless required by FAA
                    Flight Crewmembers at stations - No exemption necessary unless required
                    by FAA
                    Flight Instruction ­ We respectfully request that FAA Private Pilot's
                    License be the minimum license requirement to operate sUAS aircraft
                    commercially within NAS
                    Minimum Safe Altitudes ­ We respectfully request exemption to operate
                    safely within the NAS for commercial purposes.

 

  Page 4 of 5 
 
Weldon & Associates, Inc. (DBA OrlandoAerial.com), Orlando FL    Section 333 Exemption Petition 

Part 91.121  Altimeter Setting ­ sUAS electronics operate with telemetry to PIC. We
Part 91.151  respectfully request an exemption to operate sUAS commercially as
             needed.
Part 91.203  Fuel requirements for flights in VFR conditions ­ Because our sUAS
Part 91.405  model operates under battery power and maintain VLOS from takeoff
Part 91.407  point, we respectfully request exemption from fuel requirements in this
Part 91.409  part.
Part 91.417  Civil Aircraft Certification ­ We respectfully request an exemption from
             the certification process of sUAS aircraft.
             Maintenance required ­ We respectfully request an exemption from the
             required aircraft inspection process and that all inspections may be
             performed and logged of the sUAS by the PIC.
             Operation after maintenance ­ We respectfully request exemption from this
             part as we don't carry passengers with sUAS and any modifications
             performed can be flight tested by PIC.
             Inspections ­ We respectfully request and exemption from this part as we
             feel we would not fall under the intended purpose of this rule.
             Maintenance Records ­ We respectfully request an exemption from this
             part as there is no approved authority to perform authorized maintenance.
             All maintenance will be performed by the PIC and logged in the sUAS
             maintenance log.

In conclusion, based on a positive impact on both the environmental factors and enhancement of
property values, we respectfully request exemption to use our proposed sUAS aircraft for
commercial operations to produce photography and videography of real estate, property and cell
towers for inspection purposes.

Sincerely,

Christopher Weldon
President
Weldon & Associates, Inc.
dba OrlandoAerial.com
632 W. Central Ave.
Orange City, FL 32763

386-873-0020 Office
386-202-4287 Fax.
Email: Chris@WeldonAssoc.com
http://WeldonAssoc.com
http://OrlandoAerial.com

Florida State Certified Building Contractor:        CBC1255029
Florida State Certified Home & Property Inspector:  HI-2078
FAA Licensed Private Pilot Certificate Number:      2881219

 

  Page 5 of 5 
 
     OnSite Safety 

        Measures 

To maintain safe operations during flight, a sign 
 will be utilized to minimize pedestrian traffic 
  causing distractions during flight.  A sign like 
 the example below will be used during active 
                  flight operations. 
                                  sUAS Maintenance Log for: DJI S-1000, OA-2014-003

Date           Deficiencies                            Maintenance done                                                                             Performed By
    8/4/2014                                                                                                                                              Chris Weldon
    8/11/2014  Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies
    8/18/2014
    8/23/2014  Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies                                                                              Chris Weldon

    8/25/2014  Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies                                                                              Chris Weldon
    9/2/2014
    9/8/2014   Modified Camera Equipment               Added an additional video transmitter, tapped into main battery feed with XT-60 connector.   Chris Weldon
    9/15/2014  Weekly Inspection                       Modified frame to accomodate GoPro mounting bracket. Ran video cable through frame           Chris Weldon
    9/17/2014                                          from video tx to camera mount. Tested with additional monitor. Does't work well with 12"
    9/18/2014                                          monitor. Will have to order 10" 9:16 ratio monitor.
    9/22/2014
    9/29/2014                                          No Deficiencies
    10/6/2014
               Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies                                                                              Chris Weldon
    10/9/2014
   10/16/2014  Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies                                                                              Chris Weldon
   10/20/2014
               Weekly Inspection                       Inspected Computer settings on all electronic components and checked for firmware            Chris Weldon
   10/27/2014  Loose prop mounting screws (2-3)        updates, All Firmware was up-to-date                                                         Chris Weldon
    12/1/2014  Time Settings on Futaba R/C                                                                                                          Chris Weldon
    12/8/2014  Weekly Inspection                       Went through all motors and tightened prop mounting screws and inspected motor mounts        Chris Weldon
    12/8/2014                                          for loose screws.
    1/5/2015
    1/11/2015                                          Setup time recording settings for single and lap time settings to better track overall Site
    1/26/2015                                          Shoot timing
    1/27/2015
    1/28/2015                                          No Deficiencies
    1/29/2015
               Weekly Inspection                       No Deficiencies                                                                              Chris Weldon
    2/2/2015
               Weekly Inspection                       Secured IOSD Module with Ziptie, Remounted the velcro for IOSD and Zenmuse Modules.          Chris Weldon
                                                       Checked all screws on props and motors for tightness. Inspected Can Bus connectors for       Chris Weldon
                                                       proper fit. Blew off dust from airframe. No visible damage to any components.                Chris Weldon
                                                                                                                                                    Chris Weldon
               Failure of the Booth Tooth connection during testing currently investigating forums for possible issues with others.
               in Debary Softball Fields                                                                                                            Chris Weldon

               Weekly Inspection                       Inspected overall components, landing gear, props for damage after hard landing last
                                                       week.

               Weekly Inspection                       Inspected landing gear. Tightened top gear clamp to secure loose verticle shafts on both
                                                       sides. Inspected Gimbal Controller and adjusted velcro to secure component on mount.
                                                       Inspected retractable motor arms clamps for wear and tear of plastic. None found.
                                                       Inspected battery bay tray for proper connection clip. Properly working. Inspected for
                                                       sand, dust or dirt on electronics bay and gimbal bays. Non found.

               Weekly Inspection                       Once over to look and feel for loose equipment, screws and electronic wiring

               Weekly Inspection                       Once over of motor mounts. Noticed that bushings should be replaced soon. Ordered new        Chris Weldon
               Weekly Inspection                       bushings.                                                                                    Chris Weldon

                                                       Once over to check for loose equipment

               Bushings arrived                                                                                                                     Chris Weldon

               Weekly Inspection                       Looked over all connections for loose equipment and screws. None Found                       Chris Weldon

               Brushless Moter Bushing Replacement     Replaced original worn bushings with new version.                                            Chris Weldon

               Replace Gimbal HDMI cable with Micro Verssion Installed Cable and tested camera on stand for operability                             Chris Weldon

               Flight Test with new Camera and Gimbal  Test flight to check for operability on Camera with new HDMI cable and camera                Chris Weldon

               Conducted Cell Tower testing            Experienced issues with the camera signal not allowing the camera shutter to operate         Chris Weldon
               Camera Shutter Not Working              properly                                                                                     Chris Weldon

               Weekly Inspection                       Called Troy Built Models for assistance on issue. They didn't have an answer, but would      Chris Weldon
                                                       work through the issue with me to fix the problem. After speaking to them, I started
                                                       connected the gimbal controller to the computer and ran the assistant software. Notice the
                                                       HiTec controller signal for the switch was not operating correctly. Changed the channel to
                                                       a different switch and the camera shutter started working properly again with no issues.
                                                       Phoned Troy Built back to let them know what I had found and the fix for it.

                                                       Inspected overall components, landing gear, props and airframe for loose screws.
                                                       Inpsected electronics for loose cables. No Deficiencies.
PILOT OPERATING HANDBOOK

              DJI S1000/Zenmuse 
                            

         Author: Gene Payson          Revised: 6/05/2014 
                                      

                 http://www.troybuiltmodels.com 

   1 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                    PILOT OPERATION HANDBOOK
                              DJI S-1000/Zenmuse

This book is offered in a format so that pilots can customize the checklists to their exact needs. Please print
out this handbook, make notes while watching the video regarding the checklist, then change the wording
and order to suit your needs. Then print out the revised form and laminate it in plastic. Carry it you're your
aircraft. Then use it every time you operate your aircraft. Keep the log books regarding the following:

    1) Pilot flight time
    2) Aircraft flight time
    3) Aircraft maintenance and updates
    4) Battery usage, date put into service, voltage, mah vs time

Print out and make readily available the error message legend of various flashing lights. Know what to do
without hesitation should you observe warnings.

Insurance is a must! Not only will it be expensive to repair your aircraft in the event of an incident, if you
injure bystanders or damage other people's property you are liable for damages which could run into the
millions of dollars. One insurance company which currently writes policies on sUAS is
www.Transportrisk.com

Errors & Omissions should be sent to customerservice@troybuiltmodels.com. We will promptly update the
POH for everyone to have the latest updates available.

KEY PARAMETERS

Max Takeoff Weight: 24 lbs
Weight with Zenmuse and all other equipment ­ no camera, no battery: 13.4 lbs
Weight of Nex5/6/7 camera: 1 lb
Weight of Canon 5D camera: 1.75 lbs
Max Battery Weight with Zenmuse/Nex Camera: 9.5 lbs
Max Battery Weight with Zenmuse/Canon 5D: 9 lbs
Flight Times using 90% of battery:

         16,000 mah battery Nex 7: 17 min
         20,000 mah battery Nex 7: 20 min
         32,000 mah battery Nex 7: 22 min

Flight times using the Canon 5D or other cameras similar in weight will reduce the flight times by about 1
minute. These times are averages in our tests. You may get longer or shorter flight times based on weight and
flying style, though these numbers should be fairly accurate.

      2 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
       DJI S-1000/Zenmuse

                               CHECKLISTS

 DJI S-1000 BENCH SET UP & TESTS
         o All screws/bolts are tight
         o Timer alarm for flight time to not exceed 80% battery capacity set properly
         o Batteries are secure
         o Antennas are secure
         o Props balanced
         o Props aligned
         o Props not chipped

         o Check blades, arms, etc. for cracks/damage

         o Wiring Tight
         o No excessive flexing of motors or booms
         o Booms/motors will not twist
         o Center of gravity is correct
         o Warning lights set for low battery if used
         o Batteries charged. Replace any battery which cycles below 80% of rated capacity

                   Laptop Battery
                   Flight Battery
                   Handheld Rx Battery
                   RC Tx Battery
                   Video Rx Battery
                   Spare Laptop Battery

 DJI S-1000 INVENTORY CHECKLIST
         o Load Flight plan
         o Aircraft
         o Camera with SD card
         o Spare parts/tools
         o Spare batteries
         o Two RC transmitters
         o Laptop
         o Battery Charger
         o Flight Controller Cable
         o Video monitor, stand, battery, antennas
         o Goggles
         o Datalink & cable
         o Battery Y-harness

  3 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 DJI S-1000 PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST

         o Check area to fly on Google maps
         o Confirm walkie talkie and ATC coms operation
         o Inform ATC of your flight plan if required
         o Determine emergency flight plan and alternate landing zones avoiding power lines and obstacles
         o Check wind direction
         o Set a perimeter of 50-100 meters ­ area must be clear of people
         o All antennas (9?) installed and all pointing in correct directions
         o Engage GCS, monitor, laptop, goggles, etc. (bring up flight plan)
         o Remove lens cap / Clean lens
         o Camera On
         o Ensure camera has SD card installed.
         o Check battery voltage
         o Install battery on copter.
         o Check CG
         o Level copter with front pointing in correct direction for course lock ­ do not turn on
         o On Copter TX - Set switches - Throttle Down, Return to Home switch Off, Manual Flight Mode

              Switch On, Flight Path Switch Off ­ Not Course or Home Lock
         o Copter Transmitter On
         o Check Model Selection on Tx
         o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.4v)
         o On Photo Tx ­ set switches - HDMI switch Off, Freestyle switch On
         o Photography Transmitter On
         o Check Model Selection on Tx
         o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.4v)
         o Plug in battery black lead first.
         o Calibrate GPS/Compass if necessary
         o If calibrated, cycle battery with correct heading for course lock.
         o Do not touch the Copter until 30 seconds after full GPS Lock. Initial 3 red blinks is normal meaning

              no GPS lock. Wait until no flashes. Continue with checklist.
         o Check Copter Voltage from GCS
         o Engage Attitude Mode ­ Must Achieve Double Amber Flash
         o Engage GPS Mode ­ Must Achieve Double Purple Flash
         o While in GPS mode engage "Course Lock" mode. Must achieve green Flash
         o Do not engage motors. Set throttle to center position. Must achieve single amber flash in Attitude

              Mode and single purple flash in GPS mode
         o HDMI switch On (video on camera itself should go off)
         o Freestyle switch On (FPV Off)
         o Verify camera operation (If problems, check Drive Mode ­ Remote Cmdr must be "on", manual focus,

              intelligent auto)
         o Verify data link if installed ­ rolling copter manually should change gauges
         o Upload flight plan
         o Verify altitude is about 0 via gauge on computer/GCS/video monitor/goggles
         o Timers set properly

  4 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 TAKEOFF CHECKLIST
         o Declare intentions for takeoff with ATC
         o Engage GPS mode ­ Double purple flash
         o Engage Course Lock mode (double green flash)
         o Announce loudly: "CLEAR PROP"
         o Position the sticks in the lower left hand corners, then immediately raise the throttle 2 clicks,
             and center the right stick.
         o Advance throttle to ¼ power for 5 seconds. Assure all motors are operating.
         o Verify that left/right and forward/back stick movement engages the proper motors
         o Verify data and video links are still operational
         o Announce loudly: "TAKING OFF"
         o Advance throttle to full. Copter must jump off of the ground.
         o Ascend to 3 meters. Center throttle stick. Should be single green flash. Verify wireless link,
             GPS hold, camera operation, gauges, etc. are working properly.
         o Verify course lock is operational by rotating 90 degrees and pushing forward on stick.
         o Verify copter stability. If unstable, land and reset gains, recalibrate, or retest as necessary.
         o Raise landing gear
         o Proceed with manual mission
         o For autopilot operation
                   Ascend to 10 meters manually
                   Engage autopilot
         o Manual pilot/observer must monitor the informational LED and be ready to take over in
             manual mode when necessary.
         o Manual pilot to request copter flight battery voltage readout from camera operator
             periodically.

 QUICK PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST
         o Landing zone clear
         o Level copter with correct heading
         o Battery 4.1+ full, 3.8 depleted
         o Camera on. SD card in.
         o Both TX ­ all switches down
         o Both TX on
         o Copter on
         o Check GPS and Course lock checks
         o Video check
         o Photo check
         o Timers ready
         o Takeoff
         o Raise Landing Gear
         o Unplug 6 batteries upon landing

  5 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 ERROR MESSAGES
         o White flashes
                   IMU malfunction. Land and determine cause. Possibilities:
                            GPS/Compass not pointing forward
                            IMU not pointing forward
                            Set up of X, Y, Z for location of IMU and Compass is incorrect
         o Excessive rocking/instability possible causes:
                   Weak motor
                   Structure flexing from fatigue or cracks
                            Motor mount
                            Main frame
                            Booms
                   Loose Bolts causing flexing or misalignment
                            Props
                            Mounts
                   Props out of balance
                   Props misaligned
                   Excessive wind speeds or gusts
                   Excessive Gains
                   Excessive motor power. Max motor power must a little more than typical ascent
                      power.
         o Red Flashes (1, 2 or 3 flashes with pauses) ­ GPS loss (3 is more serious). Land if loss lasts
             for more than 30 seconds. Possible causes:
                   Clouds
                   Structures
                   GPS mal-function
                   GPS too close to electrical components
                   GPS vibration

 LANDING CHECKLIST
         o Landing area clear
         o Lower landing gear
         o Note obstacles in flightpath
         o Announce loudly: "LANDING"
         o First cut power to the aircraft
         o Note elapsed time of flight
         o Adjust any parameters (camera servo speed, exponential, etc)
         o Turn power off to transmitters, camera, goggles, monitors, Rxs, etc.
         o Touch motors to verify temperatures are similar
         o Complete flight log
                   Date and time of flight
                   Batteries used
                   Time of Flight
         o Contact ATC

  6 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TABLE OF CONTENTS

     Section 1: General
     Section 2: Limitations
     Section 3: Emergency Procedures
     Section 4: Normal Procedures
     Section 5: Performance
     Section 6: Weight and Balance/Equipment List
     Section 7: Air Vehicle and Systems Description
     Section 8: Handling, Service and Maintenance
     Section 9: Supplements

      7 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                                SECTION 1
                                                 GENERAL

NOTE: In an effort to minimize costs and maximize spare parts availability, many COTS (commercial off
the shelf) components have been utilized. Some may have slight modifications to better suit this application.
Most COTS products have separate data sheets, assembly manuals and instruction manuals. They are
reference in this document, with key factors being emphasized.

As with all high technology products utilizing constantly evolving software, it is important to periodically
check for online upgrades to the COTS components, including hardware, firmware and software.

WARNING: Great care must be taken with the batteries. Much of this manual and supplemental information
is devoted to the use and care of the batteries, especially the flight batteries. They are less volatile than
gasoline, though they should be treated with the same respect. Become very familiar with proper techniques
of their use.

     GENERAL CHARACTERISTICS
             o Primarily for ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance)
             o Economical due to extensive use of COTS products
             o Low Visual Signature
             o Low Aural Signature
             o Quick Launch and Recovery
             o Short Training Period
             o Simple Operation
             o Waypoint Navigation
             o Backpackable
             o VTOL
             o Quick Repairs
             o Redundant Flight Systems
             o Safety Return to Home during lost link or low battery
             o High Degree of Mission Success
             o GPS navigation aid
             o Various sensors
             o 24 lb max takeoff weight
             o Operating Temp Range: -5°C to +60°C
             o Flight Modes: Manual and GPS aided waypoint navigation
             o Maximum Operating Altitude: 1000 meters
             o Maximum Operation Wind Conditions: 10 m/s
             o Propulsion System: LiPoly batteries
             o Takeoff: Manual or Automatic
             o Landing: Manual or Automatic
             o Takeoff/Recovery Area: 5m square

     IMPORTANT DIMENSIONS
             o Distance rotor to rotor across the center: 41"
             o Height with GPS/Compass folded down: 21"
             o Height with GPS/Compass up: 25"
             o Length of landing gear skids: 18"
             o Distance between landing gear skids: 21"

      8 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 IMPORTANT WEIGHTS
         o Weight including Nex 7 camera, Zenmuse gimbal, A2 autopilot system, landing gear, data
             transceiver, RC transceiver, video transmitter, regulators and all wiring ­ everything except
             battery: 13.4 lbs
         o Maximum Takeoff Weight: 24 lbs
         o Battery Weight: up to 9.5 lbs with Nex camera and Zenmuse Gimbal

 MOTORS
         o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
         o Number of motors: 8
         o Motor type: 41mm x 14mm
         o Motor Model Number: 4114-11
         o Motor KV/RPM: 400
         o Motor max @ 25.2V: 10,000 rpm
         o Motor Max Power: 500 Watts
         o Power rating: 4000 Watts maximum power consumption for all 8 motors
         o Current Max: 100 amps
         o Amp Draw Typical Average: 65 amps

 PROPELLERS
         o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
         o Material: Composite
         o Number of propellers: 8
         o Propeller model number: DJI 15 x 5.2
         o Number of blades: 2 - folding
         o Propeller Diameter: 15"
         o Propeller Pitch (fixed): 5.2"
         o Max rpm: 10,000 rpm

 ELECTRONIC SPEED CONTROLS
         o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
         o Number of speed controls: 8
         o Speed control model number: DJI 40A Opto
         o Rating in amps: 40 Amps continuous
         o Signal Frequency: 30 - 450 Hz
         o Drive PWM Frequency: 8 KHz

 AUTOPILOT
         o Manufacturer: DJI-Innovations
         o Autopilot Model Number: DJI A2
         o Components: GPS/Compass, IMU, Master Controller, Power Distribution System, LED
             Indicator Lighting System, Data Transceiver, GCS Software
         o Power Consumption: 5W
         o Operating Temp Range: -5°C to +60°C
         o Software Compatible: Windows XP sp3 / Windows 7
         o Hovering Accuracy: Vertical : ± 0.5m; Horizontal: ± 2m

  9 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 WIRELESS LINKS
         o Distributor: DJI-Innovations
         o Frequencies:
                   2.4 Ghz datalink with WiFi
                   2.4 Ghz Command & Control
                   5.8 Ghz Video
         o Power Consumption: 1 watt
         o Usable Range: Less than 2 km.

 FUEL/FLIGHT BATTERY
         o Manufacturers: Various COTS suppliers
         o Battery chemistry recommended: Lithium Polymer
         o Battery Capacity: 16,000 - 42,000 mah
         o Battery cell count required: 6S (6 cells in series)
         o Battery Voltage: 21V minimum during hover, 22.2V nominal, 25.2V maximum
         o Battery Minimum Rated Discharge Rate: 20C minimum
         o Battery Minimum Charge Rate: 1C (3C preferable)
         o Battery Rest Time between discharging and charging: 0-30 minutes
         o Batteries used simultaneously: 1-4
         o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80-90%

 FLIGHT PARAMETERS
         o Flight Time: up to 30 minutes
         o Payload Max: 11 lbs
         o Power Consumption in a Hover at 21 lb takeoff weight: 1500 Watts, 65 amps

 WARNINGS
         o Never power a video transmitter or receiver without an antenna connected or overload failure
             will occur.
         o Read all information regarding batteries contained in this manual and supplements.
         o Batteries are highly flammable and can explode, especially when fully charged. Improper
             charging, vibration, impact, high discharge, etc. can lead to explosion and fire. Batteries must
             be charged under constant supervision and using proper precautions.
         o Batteries fully charged must be handled with extreme care.
         o Batteries must not be stored above 50% charged state.
         o Store batteries between 20% - 50% charged state. Fully charge just before use.
         o Fully charged batteries which are not to be used within 24 hours should be discharged to 20%
             - 50% charged state.
         o Discharging LiPoly batteries in excess of 80% of their rated capacity can cause harm to the
             batteries.
         o Using more than one battery at a time requires the proper wiring harness so that the voltage is
             no more than 25.2V. Over voltage will cause serious damage to electrical equipment.
         o Using more than one battery at a time requires weight and balance checks. Proper CG is
             critical to performance. Airframe must not be overloaded.
         o Propellers must be balanced to avoid excessive vibration.
         o GPS/Compass must be facing forward.
         o Do not use GPS Mode without GPS lock.
         o Use low strength thread locking compound on all screws.

 10 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      o Wireless Video and Data ranges vary considerably on many factors including weather,
           equipment, and obstructions. Be prepared for com failures.

11 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 2
                                          LIMITATIONS

 AIRSPEED LIMITATIONS
         o Vne ­ Velocity to Never Exceed: 15 m/s
         o Va ­ Typical Maneuvering Speed ­ 5 m/s

 POWER & POWERPLANT LIMITATIONS
         o 40 Amps max per motor
         o 40 Amps max per speed control
         o 320 Amps max total
         o Do not exceed 80-90% discharge of rated battery capacity
         o Do not charge batteries which are warmer than air temperature
         o Allow batteries to cool after use before charging
         o Leave an air gap between batteries when multiple batteries are used simultaneously

 WEIGHT LIMITS
         o Takeoff Weight Max: 24 lbs
                   Must be checked prior to takeoff if any change in equipment is made

 CENTER OF GRAVITY LIMITS
         o 3mm from the center of any of the three pairs of arms
                   Must be checked before every flight to ensure batteries were installed in the proper
                      location.
                   Check all 4 pairs of arms before flight

 MANEUVER LIMITS
         o This aircraft is intended for non-aerobatic operations
         o G-loading maximum: 2G

 TEMPERATURE LIMITS
         o Operating Temp Range: -10°C to +40°C
         o In cold temperatures
                   Keep IMU at room temperature if possible before the flight
                   Keep Batteries above 5°C before flight
                   Do not fly with any frost or ice on the propellers
         o In warm temperatures
                   Batteries heat up when discharged
                   The higher the discharge rate the higher the temperature increase during use
                   At temperatures above 45°C, use of 2 or more batteries is required to lower the load
                      on any one battery pack to keep it cooler.

 WEATHER LIMITS
         o Light dust and light rain require the use of a shield for the electronics in the center section.
         o Light dust and light rain are acceptable for the unshielded motor and ESC.

 RANGE LIMITS
         o FUEL

 12 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                Fuel capacity is a primary limiting factor.
                Flying into the wind will use more battery power to travel the same ground distance.

                    Higher air speeds will be required to penetrate the wind which used more battery
                    power. Take this into account when flying a mission.
                Where possible, fly upwind at the start of a mission and downwind at the end to avoid
                    depleting the battery before returning to base. Have alternative landing sites available
                    in case of emergency landing.
      o WIRELESS LINK
                Wireless links will be stable in LOS (line of sight) in most conditions
                Wireless links are always susceptible to shorter ranges due to

                          Atmospheric conditions
                          Other transmission devices in the area
                          Jamming
                          Antennas not aligned properly
                          Improper voltage
                          Antenna blockage from AV in certain positions
                          Multipath ­ reflection off buildings or ground which cause multiple signals to

                             arrive at different times and/or phase.

13 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 3
                                EMERGENCY PROCEDURES

 MOTOR FAILURE
         o Operation is possible with one motor/ESC/propeller failure
                   The two adjacent motors/ESCs will be increased in thrust automatically by the flight
                      controller to overcome the loss
                   In cases where the airframe is highly loaded the maximum rating of 40 amps may be
                      exceeded by these two motors/ESCs
                   Operation should be terminated as soon as possible to reduce the possibility of damage
                      to the remaining motors

 COMMUNICATION FAILURE
         o Video link failure
                   5.8 Ghz being the shortest wavelength in general AV use has the least ability to
                      penetrate. This link should be the first to be lost.
                   It is best to lose video first! It is the least likely to cause a crash when it fails.
                   5.8 Ghz can lose link with little warning.
                   Ensure that the GCS station antennas are perpendicular to the AV. Do not point the
                      antenna at the AV.
                   Yaw the AV to change the antenna position
                   Other links should still be good. Return back to the GCS until link is restored.
                   Transmitters produce heat when in operation. When overheated they may have
                      thermal protection which interrupts use temporarily. Use of a heat sink or fan may be
                      required especially with high ambient temperatures.
                   Higher gain antennas may be used, but do so with caution. High gain antennas are
                      directional.
                   Multiple antennas using "diversity" can be used. Diversity is a device which
                      determines the best signal, and uses that.
                   5.8 Ghz even at high wattages theoretically has less range than lower frequencies.
                      Changing to 1.3 Ghz is an option, though there are other issues to be considered.
         o RC link failure
                   2.4 Ghz antennas can lose link with little warning.
                   Anything in between the two antennas can cause temporary signal loss especially a
                      person.
                   Hold the transmitter up in the air and walk in the general direction of the AV (aerial
                      vehicle).
                   Ensure that the antenna is vertical. Do not point the antenna at the AV.
                   The failsafes on the RC link should be set so that the AV returns to home. Should this
                      require a heading change, the antenna may move into a more desirable position and
                      link will be restored.
                   The onboard equipment may block the signal. Yaw the AV so that the antennas point
                      towards the GCS.
                   A LRS (long range system) can be used as a permanent solution. This is higher in
                      wattage and usually on 433 Mhz.
         o Data Link Failure
                   900 Mhz do not lose link without some warning. When drop outs are noticed to
                      increase in frequency that is the limit of the range.

 14 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                If using 900 Mhz, this is on cell phone frequency. If a cell tower is nearby it can
                    swamp the signal. 900 Mhz may not be usable in that area. Change to a different freq.
                    or remain closer to the AV

      o LOW BATTERY POWER
                Fail-safes can be set such that in the event of low battery power, either due to a failure
                    or too long of a flight, the warning light on the AV will constantly flash amber. This is
                    the first level of warning.
                The second warning level is red flashing lights
                Auto landing will occur when battery power is low. It may land in a tree or a lake, so
                    this is not desirable.
                Landing with 80-90% of battery depleted is best. Therefore landing with 17,000 mah
                    used and 3,000 mah remaining of a 20,000 mah battery is desirable. Batteries should
                    be drawn down equally when in use if they are both charged equally and both in
                    relatively the same condition/age.
                Do not mix partially charged batteries. Only use completely charged batteries.
                Over discharging a battery below 19.8V can permanently damage the battery.

      o GCS FAILURE
                Takeover by the external pilot should happen ASAP using the RC link.
                Most often happens due to a low battery.
                Keep a spare 3 cell LiPoly battery with the appropriate plug to plug into the charge
                    jack for emergency use. Most chargers are 19V output which is roughly equivalent to
                    a 4-cell battery. 3-cell batteries may work.

      o COMPASS CALIBRATION ERROR
                If the compass is out of calibration the warning light will flash red. This is the same
                    signal as low voltage. If the voltage is correct, there is a calibration error.
                Recalibrate the compass following the instruction manual

      o FIRE
                Fires can occur due to a short circuit or battery failure.
                Disconnect the battery ASAP unless there is danger in doing so if there is any
                    electrical issue.
                It is not possible to put out a battery fire.
                Do not attempt to put out a battery fire. Use a fire extinguisher to put out fires
                    surrounding the battery. A CO2 fire extinguisher is better than the powder or chemical
                    type. CO2 does not leave a residue. Water can be used though it may cause other
                    electrical component failures.

      o FORCED LANDINGS
                If alternate emergency landing zones should be chosen ahead of time.
                Be sure that the LZ is clear of people to avoid any incidents.
                Land in the nearest LZ which is clear of people.
                Announce your intentions of landing as loud as necessary to alert people of the
                    incoming AV.

15 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 4
                                    SET UP SUGGESTIONS

 ELECTRONICS BURN IN
         o We recommend that you put weights onto the landing skids to keep the copter on the ground
             and run the copter at about 70% throttle for about 2 hours to burn in the electronics. Most
             electronic failures occur in the first 2 hours of operation.

 GPS/COMPASS MAST LENGTH
         o We found that the higher the mast, the better the GPS reception

 Nex5N vs. Nex7 vs. Canon 5D vs. Panasonic GH3
         o These cameras are excellent for stills, and very good for video. The best for video is the
             Panasonic GH4 with 4k capabilities.
         o We found that the Nex 5N takes exceptional quality stills and video, though most
             professionals use the Nex 7. The Canon 5D is better than the Nex7 due to its larger sensor.
         o Use the Panasonic GH4 if you primarily shoot video

 RADIO SET UP
         o Follow the instructions in the manual
         o We prefer the switch assignment as shown in the checklists above though feel free to modify
             to your liking

 COPTER COMMAND AND CONTROL
         o We recommend the use of a dual rate switch for main copter operation.
                   High rate ­ used to initialize the motors. The flight controller will not engage unless it
                      sees full down throttle, full left rudder, full left cyclic and full back cyclic. However,
                      these may be too high for normal flying. On high rate it is helpful to utilize fairly high
                      exponential to make the stick feel soft around center. Adjust to your preference.

                Low rate ­ used for typical flying. Set the end point adjustments such that full stick

                      deflection offers the maximum speed required in normal flying. If conditions require
                      higher flight speeds, switch to high rate. On low rate it is also helpful to utilize a small
                      amount of exponential to make the stick feel soft around center. Adjust to your
                      preference.
 ZENMUSE COMMAND AND CONTROL
         o We recommend the use of a dual rate switch for gimbal operation.
                   High rate ­ used to initialize the gimbal. The gimbal may not engage unless it sees full
                      motion. However, these may be too high for shooting video smoothly. This is best for
                      still photography so as to put the camera on target quickly. On high rate it is helpful to
                      utilize fairly high exponential to make the stick feel soft around center. Adjust to your
                      preference.

                Low rate ­ used for videography. Set the end point adjustments such that full stick

                      deflection offers the maximum speed required for videography. If conditions require
                      higher gimbal speeds, switch to high rate. On low rate it is also helpful to utilize a
                      small amount of exponential to make the stick feel soft around center. Adjust to your
                      preference.

 TIMERS
       o Use of the countdown timer is a good backup method to ensure landing with battery power.
                Set the timer for 20 minutes (or what you deem appropriate) and have it start when the

                      throttle is over ¼. Then adjust the timer upwards until the amount of battery used is
                      about 80-90% of the total available. If using 20,000 mah batteries, a total of 17,000
                      mah would be the target. Set the timer such that you have a minute or so to land after

 16 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                      the alarm sounds so that you have adequate time to return to base. Adjust to your
                      preference.

 BATTERIES
       o Replace the transmitter standard battery with a Lipoly battery to extend use times to 8 hours.

             Supplied batteries often last about 2 hours.

 17 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                   NORMAL PROCEDURES

 PREFLIGHT CHECKLIST
         o Confirm all communication radios are operational
                   Radio with ATC
                   Radios with others in the group
         o Set a perimeter of 100 meters
                   Area must be clear of people to avoid collision
         o Check for overhead power lines and other obstacles to avoid
         o Check structural integrity
                   In event of prior crash, inspect all booms, props and motor mounts for excessive flex
                      indicating structural fatigue/failure
         o Have a manual flight plan avoiding obstacles.
         o Load auto flight plan if using one
                   Be sure that the total flight time is under 10 minutes to avoid low battery
         o Clean lens
                   Remove lens cap
         o Ensure camera has SD card installed
                   Many flights have been wasted due to this!
         o Install batteries
                   Ensure that the straps are tight and the Velcro keeps the batteries from moving which
                      will avoid a shift in the CG (Center of Gravity ­ or that it balances evenly)
         o Check CG (Center of Gravity)
                   Lift the copter on each of the 3 pairs of arms. The copter should balance properly. If
                      not, do not fly. Rearrange the equipment such that the CG is
         o IMU pointing forward
                   The Inertial Measurement Unit is set so that it must face forward
         o GPS/Compass installed, limited free play, pointing forward
                   This device must be installed with a screw to hold it in place. It cannot vibrate easily.
                      If it does not point forward, the corrections in ATTI and GPS mode will be incorrect
                      and it will crash. The FC will provide a warning with constant flashing white lights.
         o Level copter using a bubble level with front pointing in correct direction for course lock ­ do
             not turn on
                   Keep in mind the best angle for pointing the landing gear in the direction that will
                      keep the landing gear out of the shot when flying.
         o Turn on Pilot Tx
         o If using the rate gyro, set it at the correct position. This is usually a slider switch. Gains
             should have the range set from 200 ­ 350. Use the highest gain possible which does not cause
             oscillation.
         o Check Model Selection on Tx to be S800
         o Throttle on Tx Down
         o Return to Home switch Off
         o Adjust gain to correct position (if required)
         o Manual Flight Mode Switch to manual (not ATTI or GPS mode)
         o Flight Path Switch Off ­ Not Course or Home or POI
         o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.5v)
                   These settings above are required to initialize the copter properly. If the switches are
                      in the incorrect position, it will not initialize properly which may cause some of the
                      functions like course lock or GPS mode to not operate properly.

 18 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                If the copter does not function properly after takeoff, land immediately and disconnect
                    the copter power. Then put all the switches in the proper position for initialization and
                    turn the power back on to the copter.

      o Count down timer should be set to 20 minutes. This can be adjusted to your flying style. The
           timer should engage at ¼ throttle and trigger an alarm at the proper time. This is a backup
           alarm in case the indicator lights on the copter are not visible.

      o Turn on Photography Tx
      o Check Model Selection on Tx ­ should read Zenmuse
      o Check Tx battery voltage (above 7.5v)
      o HDMI switch Off
      o Freestyle switch Off (FPV On)

                These settings above are required to initialize the Zenmuse properly. If the switches
                    are in the incorrect position, it will not initialize properly which may cause some of
                    the functions like live video or gimbal operation to not operate properly.

                If the camera or gimbal do not function properly, disconnect the copter power. Then
                    put all the switches in the proper position for initialization and turn the power back on
                    to the copter.

      o Engage power to copter
                Plug in the 2 battery packs. Typically the battery packs use red T-style connectors in a
                    parallel wire harness. This Y-harness has a yellow connector. It is preferable to
                    connect the batteries to the Y-harness first, then plug in the yellow connector. This
                    reduces (but does not eliminate) electrical arcing.
                6 quick chirps should be heard confirming 6S LiPoly batteries are recognized by the
                    ESCs.
                          Hearing less than 6 chirps indicates fewer cell battery packs are being
                             recognized which is incorrect. Check for improper or damaged batteries.

      o Do not move or vibrate the Squadcopter until 30 seconds after full GPS Lock
                Initial 3 red blinks is normal meaning no GPS lock. No red flashes indicates full GPS
                    lock.
                Continue with checklist as you are waiting for full GPS lock, but do not move the
                    copter.
                If the GPS takes more than 5 minutes to lock, there is a problem with the area. It is not
                    receiving the proper signals from the satellites. GPS signals are weak, so trees, people,
                    buildings, terrain, weather, have an effect. Move the copter into a more open area
                    where it can more easily see the satellites.

      o Check Copter Voltage from both Tx's (transmitters)
                The transmitters receive a signal from the corresponding receivers. The voltages are
                    regulated to about 5v. If the voltage is below 4.4v or above 6v do not fly. There may
                    be power regulation issues. The receivers cannot work outside this voltage
                    consistently. Also there is some issue if the voltage is outside that range which should
                    be resolved before flying.

      o Engage Attitude Mode ­ Must achieve double amber flash
      o Engage GPS Mode ­ Must achieve double purple flash
      o Engage course cock mode ­ Must achieve double green flash
      o Disengage course lock mode. Must achieve double purple flash. Stay in this mode until just

           prior to takeoff, after takeoff at any time, or do not use.
      o Do not engage motors. Set throttle to center position. Must achieve single purple flash when

           in GPS mode.
                To verify that the sticks are all centered properly:

19 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                   With throttle in the center position, use the trim buttons on the transmitter to check
                      that the sticks are centered. Trim the roll (the stick located on the right side of the
                      transmitter when moved to the right and left) to the right, counting the number of
                      clicks until a double flash occurs. Then center the trim. Then move the trim to the left,
                      counting the number of clicks until a double flash occurs. An equal number of clicks
                      should be counted each side of center.

                   Do this check for the 3 stick movements other than throttle.
                   Center the trim such that when the stick is in the neutral position that there are equal

                      numbers of clicks in each direction. This ensures that when the sticks are neutralized
                      that the flight controller will recognize this signal and engage GPS mode.
         o Calibrate GPS/Compass before the first flight each day or if receiving continuous red blinks
             or continuous white blinks.
                   Flip the GPS mode switch 7 times very quickly from manual to GPS. End with the
                      switch in the manual position. The indicator light will be blue. Rotate the copter about
                      1.5 turns in a horizontal position. A green flashing light indicates that this is complete.
                      Then hold the copter vertically and rotate about 1.5 turns. A white flashing light
                      indicates that this is complete. Repeat if necessary until this is completed.
         o After calibration, reset the copter by cycling battery with copter pointed in the correct heading
             for course lock.
         o Engage Camera
         o HDMI switch On
                   This will stop video from playing on the back of the camera and will send the video
                      signal to the video transmitter via the HDMI connection.
         o Freestyle switch On (FPV Off)
                   This allows the camera to be operated freely through the transmitter
         o Verify camera operation
                   Operate the shutter
                   Set the focus to auto or manual. Manual setting is usually set to infinity to stop
                      constant focusing of the camera.
         o Verify data link if installed
                   Roll the copter about 45 degrees on its side by lifting one side of the copter and resting
                      one side of the landing gear on the ground
                   A corresponding roll should be seen on the gauge.
                   If the copter is rolled to the right, it will appear on the gauge that the horizon rolls to
                      the left ­ not the right because the view from inside the copter is that the horizon rolls
                      the opposite direction of the copter.
         o Verify altitude is about 0 via gauge on computer
                   If it is not about 0, the altitude settings for the waypoints will be off by this amount.
                      This could cause the copter to fly at 10 meters or 30 meters if the waypoint is set for
                      20 meters and the altitude is off by 10 meters one way or another. If the copter thinks
                      it is at 10 meters when it is on the ground, then it will only rise 10 meters above the
                      ground to achieve what it believes it to be 20 meters above the ground.
                   The altitude can be reset using the ground control software by going to altitude offset.
         o Alternate Emergency Landing Sites Established

 NORMAL TAKEOFF
         o Confirm clear for takeoff with ATC
                   Necessary if within 5 miles of an airport

 20 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                   ATC clearance is required days or weeks before flying.
         o Engage GPS mode ­ Double purple flash when the throttle is down.
         o Switch to Course Lock flight mode if required. Purple flashes are replaced with green flashes.

             Flying in course lock is not required, but helpful in many instances.
         o Announce loudly: "CLEAR PROP"
         o Move both of the sticks to the bottom left corners to engage the motors. Within 1 second

             move the throttle up 1/8 ­ 1/4. The copter should not lift off until about ½ stick is reached.
         o Verify data and video links before lifting off. If anything is not working properly, move the

             throttle stick to low to disengage the motors and determine a solution.
         o If all flight checks are passed, announce loudly: "TAKING OFF"
         o Advance throttle to about 3/4. Copter must jump off of the ground to avoid one skid coming

             up before the other skid, and the skid on the ground getting caught and flipping the copter
             over sideways.
         o Ascend to 3 meters. Then decrease throttle to ½ to engage the GPS hold.
         o Verify links, GPS, Attitude, etc. Should be single purple flash.
         o Verify that the copter is holding position within .5m in all directions.
         o Verify camera operation
         o Verify course lock is operational by rotating 90 degrees and pushing forward on stick.
         o Verify copter stability. If unstable, land and reset gains, recalibrate, or retest as necessary.
         o Proceed with manual mission or
         o For autopilot operation

                   Ascend to 10 meters
                   Command AVO to proceed with mission.

                            Pilot should say "It's yours"
                            Response from AVO "I have it"
         o Manual pilot/observer must monitor the informational LED and be ready to take over in
             manual mode when necessary.
                   White flashes indicates flight controller issue
                   Amber flashes indicates low battery
                   Red flashes indicate loss of GPS or severe battery condition
                            Quick decisions are required when red flashes are indicated
                            10 seconds or more of loss of GPS signal will stop waypoint guidance and any

                               GPS hold and put into manual mode.
                            Red indicator light battery warning requires immediate landing
         o Manual pilot to request copter flight battery voltage readout from AVO periodically.
                   Reset the first and second indicator lights as required for your set up.
                   When recharging the batteries, the goal is to put 4,000 mah into a 5,000 mah battery
                      pack. Adjust the voltage warnings to your style of flying.
                   Also use the countdown timer on the transmitter. This gives a good indication of
                      battery level because the current used is fairly constant from flight to flight.

 POST LANDING
         o Note flight time from transmitter. Write this down in the log book.
         o Note battery power used during the flight. Write this down in the log book.
         o ALWAYS disconnect the main power to the AV first, then turn off the transmitter.

 21 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
         o Check motor temperatures by touching them with your fingers. Any motors which are
             excessively hot should be further inspected and possibly replaced.

         o Check battery temperatures by touching them with your fingers. Battery temperatures should
             not be hot to the touch. Battery temperatures should be slightly above ambient.

         o Inspect all components especially the propellers for wear.
         o Note in logbook which batteries were used to calculate life cycle.

 AIRCRAFT FLIGHT LOG BOOK (Can be purchased inexpensively)
         o Keep a log of all flights.
                   Date
                   Time of Day
                   Time in Operation (in hours)
                   Battery serial numbers
                   Mah used in flight
                   Location
                   Pilot, Observer, Sensor Operator Names
                   Flight Objective
                   Remarks

 AIRCRAFT MAINTENANCE LOG BOOK (Can be purchased inexpensively)
         o Keep a log of significant inspections, tests, repairs, alterations, equipment changes.
                   Date maintenance is performed
                   Accumulated hours of operation
                   Remarks

 PILOT LOG BOOK (Can be purchased inexpensively)
         o Keep a log of all flights. Include the following:
                   Aircraft flown
                   Aircraft serial number
                   Date
                   Time of Day
                   Time in Operation (in hours)
                   Location
                   Flight Objective
                   Remarks

 22 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 5
                                         PERFORMANCE

 FLIGHT TIMES
         o The AV is designed to hover at high efficiency. Hovering is much less efficient than flying on
             a wing, thus flight times are low compared to fixed wing aircraft.
         o All the weight of the AV is supported by power from the batteries. As the batteries are used in
             a flight, the amount of power available decreases. Therefore the power reserve is constantly
             decreasing as the battery is being used. Thus loading a rotorcraft above its limit is not
             recommended. While the AV may have enough power to lift off initially on a full charge, the
             power reserve at partial charge may be too low to allow for maneuvering and will result in a
             crash.
         o High lateral speeds will add lift to slightly improve efficiency. The rotors act similar to fixed
             wings at higher speeds. This increase in efficiency may be negated by the increased power
             consumption of forward flight.
         o High winds or gusts decrease efficiency/flight time. The motors work harder to hold position.
         o As weight increases flight times decrease.

 WIRELESS TRANSMISSION
         o Refer to the specific manuals for performance ratings.
         o Wireless communications utilized provide acceptable communication for LOS.
         o In general:
                   LOS is required
                   The higher the GCS antennas, the better the range
                   Any freq. at may have severe degradation due to location to other admitters such as
                      cell towers
                   RSSI (Received Signal Strength Indication) should be monitored for indication of
                      communication drop out.

 23 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 6
                     WEIGHT AND BALANCE EQUIPMENT LIST

 CG
         o CG is critical to the efficient operation of any AV
         o When components are shifted, the CG will be altered.
         o The main components which are moved on a regular basis are the sensors and the batteries.
         o The sensors are typically in the front of the AV, and the batteries are located in the correct
             position to offset all the components on the AV.
         o The CG must be tested after any change to the components or their placement.
         o The CG should be tested by lifting the UV with fingers on the bottom of the arms. Check all 3
             pairs of arms. The CG should be no more than 2mm off in any on the 3 checks. The closer the
             CG is to the centerlines of the arms the more efficient and the more stable the AV will be.

 WEIGHT
         o Weight is critical to the operation of any aircraft
         o Weight is especially critical to a rotor wing aircraft. At full throttle the motors have a finite
             amount of thrust. All the weight is lifted by the battery power, there is no wing to assist in
             providing lift.
         o As the batteries are operated, they lose power. At full charge they have about 25v. At 20%
             remaining capacity they have about 21v. This is a loss of 8% of the power available which is
             significant.
         o Do not overload the aircraft or there will not be sufficient reserve power to maneuver at low
             battery levels.

 24 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 7
                    AIR VEHICLE AND SYSTEMS DESCRIPTION

 FUEL/BATTERY REQUIRED
         o Manufacturers: Various COTS suppliers.
         o Refer to manufacturer data sheet.
         o Battery chemistry required: Lithium Polymer
         o Battery Capacity: 16,000 mah (minimum)
         o Battery cell count required: 6S (6 cells in series)
         o Battery Voltage: 21V minimum at hover, 22.2V nominal, 25.2V maximum
         o Battery Minimum Rated Discharge Rate: 20C minimum
         o Batteries used simultaneously: 1-4 typical
         o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80-90%

 WERELESS COMMUNICATIONS
         o Refer to the specific manuals for performance ratings.
         o Never power a video transmitter or receiver without an antenna connected or overload failure
             will occur.
         o Wireless communications utilized provide acceptable communication for LOS.
         o In general:
         o LOS is required.
         o Lower frequencies penetrate objects such as trees better than higher freqs.
         o Lower freqs have longer range than high freqs
         o Higher freqs can transfer more data than lower freqs
         o Higher freqs use smaller/shorter antennas
         o The higher the GCS antennas, the better the range and reception
         o Any freq at may have severe degradation due to location to other admitters such as cell towers
         o Range must be constantly monitored.
         o Alternate antenna types may be utilized to improve link/range. Patch, helical, omni, etc. can
             be substituted. They must be verified before use.
         o Alternate freqs may be utilized to improve link/range.

 25 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                             SECTION 8
                     HANDLING, SERVICE AND MAINTENANCE

 PROPELLER CARE
         o Propellers must be checked each flight for nicks or cracks
         o Propellers are designed to last indefinitely if they do not impact dust, dirt or more.

 BATTERY CARE AND USE
         o Refer to instruction sheet included from the battery manufacturer. Typical information
             follows.
         o Batteries are highly flammable and can explode, especially when fully charged. Improper
             charging, vibration, impact, high discharge, etc. can lead to explosion and fire. Batteries must
             be charged under constant supervision and using proper precautions.
         o Batteries fully charged must be handled with extreme care.
         o Any battery which puffs up is considered damaged and must not be used. It is in a dangerous
             state. Never charge a puffed up battery.
         o Any battery which holds less than 80% of its rated capacity should be discarded.
         o Cycle test each battery after every 50 cycles or if a battery is suspected to have lost as
             significant amount of its capacity to determine the current capacity.
         o Properly dispose of batteries. First discharge the battery fully using a battery cycler. Bring to a
             recycler such as a home improvement store.
         o Always charge flight batteries under "balance" mode.
         o Flight Battery Recommended Charge Rate: 1C which takes approximately 1 hour to charge
         o Flight Battery Maximum Charge Rate: May exceed 5C. Charge rates higher than 1C will
             decrease life cycles. Maximum charge rating per the manufacturer will provide 300+ cycles.
             Use the lowest charge rate which is practical.
         o Battery Rest Time between discharging and charging: 30 minutes minimum, 1 hour
             maximum.
         o Do not charge if the battery is more than 2°C warmer than ambient, especially if the
             temperature is above 20°C. The outer surface is cooler than the inner core after use. Damage
             will occur when charging a warm battery.
         o Recommended Battery Discharge Amount: 80%. Using more of the capacity of the battery
             will decrease the life cycles
         o As battery temperature approaches freezing the capacity of Lithium Polymer batteries
             decrease. Keep warmer than 5°C before installing into the UV (unmanned vehicle).
         o Battery capacity decreases at higher discharge rates. Using more batteries decreases the
             discharge rate of each battery thereby extending individual battery capacity slightly.
         o Lower discharge rates improve the life cycles.
         o Batteries are rated at greater than 300 life cycles. 1,000+ life cycles are possible.
         o Batteries must not be stored above 60% charged state for extended periods.
         o Batteries should be stored below 25°C for extended periods
         o Store batteries between 40% - 60% charged state. Fully charge just before use.
         o Fully charged batteries which are not to be used within 24 hours should be discharged to 40%
             - 60% charged state using the battery discharger.
         o Using more than one battery at a time requires the proper wiring harness so that the voltage is
             no more than 25.2V. Over voltage will cause serious damage to electrical equipment.

 26 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
 PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE
         o ANNUAL INSPECTION (SUGGESTED)
                   If the airframe has in excess of 300 hours in a one year period, an annual inspection
                      must be completed by an approved technician.
                   An approved technician should disassemble the AV and inspect all components for
                      wear and replace any components as required.
                   Test all batteries for capacity.
                   Upgrade firmware and software to latest revisions
         o 500 HOUR PM (SUGGESTED)
                   An approved technician should disassemble the AV and inspect all components for
                      wear and replace any components as required.
                   Replace all 8 motors.
                   Test all batteries for capacity.
                   Upgrade firmware and software to latest revisions.

 27 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                                                SECTION 9
                                             SUPPLEMENTS

COTS components have been utilized in the construction of this AV. All instruction manuals, operating
handbooks, warning notices, and more are available as separate documents. Components which may have
separate documentation follow. Links to these documents are available on the website. Print out the
significant documents and keep in a notebook with the copter at all times.
AIRFRAME
AUTOPILOT SYSTEM
BATTERIES
BATTERY CHARGER
CAMERA MANUAL
CAMERA GCS
DATA WIRELESS LINK
GIMBAL CAMERA MOUNT
GIMBAL CAMERA MOUNT SERVOS
LAPTOP COMPUTER
MOTORS
ONBOARD REGULATOR
PROPELLERS
RC/MANUAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYSTEM
SPEED CONTROLS (ESCs)
VIDEO CAPTURE HARDWARE
VIDEO CAPTURE SOFTWARE
VIDEO WIRELESS LINK

    28 © 2014 Troy Built Models, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
