May 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11592
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0443

Mr. Wesley W. Myers, Jr.
729 Northwest 10th Avenue
Dania Beach, FL 33004

Dear Mr. Myers:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated February 10, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
for an exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft
system (UAS) to conduct low altitude aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 2, DJI Phantom 2 Vision, and DJI
Phantom 2 Vision+.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
                                                                                                                 2

has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Mr. Wesley W. Myers, Jr. is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Mr. Wesley W. Myers, Jr. is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.
                                                                                                            3

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 2,
    DJI Phantom 2 Vision, and DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ when weighing less than
    55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a
    new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
                                                                                                            4

    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    Government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
                                                                                                            5

    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least 5 minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
                                                                                                               6

       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.

   30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
       exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
       District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
                                                                                                                 7

         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:

           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted

              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of

              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners

              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
Wesley W. Myers, Jr., Dania Beach, Fl. - Section 333 Exemption Petition                              .. }··, ,.

February 10th, 2015                                                                             __ ,
                                                                                                  - ""-
Docket Operations, M-30
U.S. Department of Transportation
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Room W12-140, West Building Ground Floor
Washington, DC 20590-0001

Re: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation
Regulations from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
91.409(a)(1)(2); 91.417(a)(b); 91.119(c).

Dear Sir or Madam:

I, Wesley W. Myers, Jr., aka Wes Myers am writing pursuant to the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
of 2012 and 14 C.F.R. Part 11 to request an exemption ofthe above referenced FARs to allow operation
of a small ultra lightweight unmanned aircraft system (sUAS) for commercial purposes in the National
Airspace System (NAS) regulated by the FAA.

The applicant, Wes Myers is a licensed Realtor® in the State of Florida as well as a Professional Real
Estate Photographer. Additionally I hold a Commercial Pilot's License Airplane Single and Multiengine
Land and Glider. I am a Certified Flight Instructor Airplane Single Engine and hold an Instrument Rating
Airplane as well as several other FAA certifications.

As described more fully the granting ofthis exemption request would permit the operation of a small
UAS for the main purpose of providing low altitude aerial photography/videography in the South
Florida area to the general public, government and educational groups and individuals for Real Estate
Listings, Real Estate and Land photography and similar uses.

Additionally, granting this exemption request would fulfill the Secretary of Transportation's (FAA
Administrator's responsibilities to " ...establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft
systems in the National Airspace System" under Section 333(c) ofthe Reform Act. Although not part of
this request, as a Certified Flight Instructor I am willing to become one of the first CFI UAS should this
ever become an FAA certification and in so doing help promote the safe assimilation of UAS's irito the
NAS through pilot training.

Similarities to Granted Exemption No. 11138 Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®:

This exemption request is virtually the same as the Granted Exemption No.11138 in that the
proposed usage of the UAS is for the same Real Estate purpose, it is the same UAS make and
model, and all of the FAA requirements set forth in Granted Exemption No.11138 will be
complied with.

Wesley W. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com

                                                                                                                                        Page 1
I. Contact Information:

          Wes Myers
          729 NW 1Oth Ave.
          Dania Beach, Fl. 33004
          WesMyers007@gmail.com
          954-261-5568

II. Regulations from which exemption is requested:

           14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b)
           14 C.F.R. 91.7(a)
            14 C.F.R 91.121
            14 C.F.R 91.151(a)
            14 C.F.R 91.405(a)
            14 C.F.R 91.407(a)(1)
            14 C.F.R 91.409(a)(1)(2)
            14 C.F.R 91.417(a)(b)
            14 C.F.R 91.119(c)

Ill. Extent of Relief and Reason:

           The extent of relief I am seeking is the same as in the Granted Exemption No. 11138 for the
general purpose of Real Estate and similar aerial photography/videography. I am asking that the FAA
grant the amount of relief from each regulation as is deemed appropriate for the safe operation of the
small UAS and inclusion into the NAS.

           The reason for the exemption request is because it is currently unlawful to fly UAS's in the NAS
for commercial purposes thereby denying the general public the advantages associated with their use.

IV. Benefit to the Public as a Whole:

           Aerial photography/ videography for real estate marketing and similar purposes has been
around for a long time through manned fixed wing aircraft and helicopters. For small budget real estate
companies and average homeowners the expense of such aerial photography/videography is cost
prohibitive. Only large companies and high end Realtors or luxury homeowners can afford to absorb
such expense. Depriving non-luxury homeowners and lower budget Realtors from a valuable marketing
tool. Manned aircraft pose a threat to the public through potential catastrophic accidents and by
carrying combustible fuel UASs pose no such threat since size and lack of combustible fuel alleviates any
potential threat to the public.

Congress has already proclaimed that it is in the public's interest to integrate commercially flown UAS's
into the national airspace system, hence the passing of the Reform Act. The lightweight UAS is battery
powered and creates no emissions that can harm the environment. The consequences of an ultra light
weight UAS crashing is far less than a full size helicopter or fixed wing aircraft; which are heavy, contain
combustible fuel and can cause catastrophic devastation to the public.

WesleyW. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                       Page2
V. This Exemption would increase safety due to the fact that all Flight Safety and Operational
requirements as set forth in the Granted Exemption No. 11138 will be complied with.

The UAS to be flown is the PHANTOM 2 which is the same aircraft previously approved by the FAA in the
Granted Exemption No. 11138. The aircraft may also be called the VISION or VISION+. These variation
designators only indicate the type of camera on board. They are all the same aircraft for flight purposes.

As set forth by the FAA in the Granted Exemption No. 11138 the following Conditions and Limitations
will be complied with:

1) Operations will be conducted using only a Phantom 2, Phantom 2 Vision or Phantom 2 Vision +
unmanned aircraft.

2) The UA may not be flown at an indicated airspeed exceeding 30 knots.

3) The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 300 feet above ground level (AGL), as
indicated by the procedures specified in the operating documents. All altitudes reported to ATC
must be in feet AGL.

4) The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the Pilot In Command (PIC) at aU
times. This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate.

5) All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the visual line
of sight (VLOS) of the VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long
as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally
at all times. The PIC must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation
for the duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the functions prescribed
in the operating documents.

6) The operating documents and the grant of exemption must be accessible during UAS operations
and made available to the Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the
conditions and limitations in the exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating
documents, the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating documents. The
operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track
such revisions and present updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The
operator must also present updated and revised documents if he petitions for extension or
amendment to the grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or revision
would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted the exemption, then the operator must petition
for amendment to its grant of exemption.

WesleyW. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                    Page 3
7) Prior to each flight, the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe flight. If the
inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the UAS is prohibited from
operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be in a
condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station must be included in the preflight inspection. All
maintenance and alterations must be properly documented in the aircraft records.

8) Any UAS maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or flight characteristics, e.g.
replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a functional test flight. The PIC who
conducts the functional test flight must make an entry in the aircraft records.

9) The pre-flight inspection section in the operating documents must account for all discrepancies,
i.e. inoperable components, items, or equipment, not already covered in the relevant sections of
the operating documents.

10) The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's aircraft/component, maintenance, overhaul,
replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements.

11) The operator must carry out its maintenance, inspections, and record keeping requirements, in
accordance with the operating documents. Maintenance, inspection, and alterations must be noted
in the aircraft records, including total flight hours, description of work accomplished, and the
signature of the authorized person returning the UAS to service.

12) Each UAS operated under the exemption must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins.

13) The authorized person must make an entry in the aircraft record of the corrective action taken
against discrepancies discovered between inspections.

14)UAS operations must be conducted by a PIC possessing at least a private pilot certificate and at
least a current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements
specified in 14 CFR 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

15) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial photography/videography and
augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and
logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 25 hours of total time as a UAS
rotorcraft pilot including at least 10 hours logged as a UAS pilot with a multi-rotor UAS. Prior
documented flight experience that was obtained in compliance with applicable regulations may
satisfy this requirement. Training, proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted
under the grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time. However, said training
operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency,
and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate distances in
accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

16) Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of aerial photography/videography and
augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), the PIC must have accumulated and
logged, in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), a minimum of 5 hours as UAS pilot operating
the make and model of the UAS to be used in operations under the exemption; 5 hours make and

WesleyW. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                   Page4
model time may be included in the 10 hours of multi-rotor time prescribed above. The PIC must
accomplish 3 take-offs and landings in the preceding 90 days (for currency purposes). Training,
proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and landing currency flights can be conducted under
this grant of exemption to accomplish the required flight time and 90 day currency. However, said
training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During training,
proficiency, and experience-building flights the PIC is required to operate the UA with appropriate
distances in accordance with 14 CFR 91.119.

17) The operator may not permit the PIC to operate the UAS for the purpose of aerial
photography/videography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar operations), unless
the PIC has demonstrated and logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR 61.51(b), the ability to
safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this
exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate distances
from people, vessels, vehicles and structures.

18}UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR 1.1. All operations must
be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC}.

19) The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point as denoted on a
current FAA-published aeronautical chart.

20) The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally from a
cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

21) If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, it must return to a pre-determined
location within the planned operating area and land or be recovered in accordance with the
operating documents.

22) The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
accordance with the operating documents.

23) The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough power to fly at normal cruising speed to the intended landing point and
land the UA with 30% battery power remaining.

24) The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver or
Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption. This COA will
also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not more than 72 hours in
advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

25)AII aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial number,
registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-Number) markings in
accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as large as practicable.

Wesley W. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com
                                                                                                                        Page 5
26) Before conducting operations, the radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of
the UA must comply with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate
government oversight agency requirements.

27) The documents required under 14 CFR 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the PIC at the
Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the UAS is operating. These documents must be made
available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

28) The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all manned aviation operations and
activities at all times.

29) The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

30) The UA may not be operated over congested or densely populated areas.

31) Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating persons, vessels,
vehicles, and structures unless: a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect
nonparticipating persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must
ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises where
nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations
must cease immediately and/or;
b. The aircraft is operated near vessels, vehicles or structures where the owner/controller of such
vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not present an undue
hazard, and;
c. Operations nearer to the PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons do not present an undue
hazard to those persons per§ 91.119(a).

32)AII operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with permission
from the land owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission from land
owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each flight to be conducted.

33)Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical boundaries of
the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to the FAA's UAS
Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported to the National
Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site:
www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in the grant of exemption the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS operations
must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to, parts45, 47, 61, and
91.

Wesley W. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com
                                                                                                                                      Page 6
VI. A Summary the FAA May Publish in the Federal Register:

The applicant, Wesley W. Myers Jr. is a Commercial Pilot, Licensed Realtor® and Professional Real
Estate Photographer.
Exemption Request Section 333 ofthe FAA Reform Act and Part 11 ofthe Federal Aviation Regulations
from 14 C.F.R. 61.113(a)&(b); 91.7(a); 91.121; 91.151(a); 91.40S(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1)(2);
91.417(a)(b); 91.119(c).

Similarities to Granted Exemption No. 11138 Douglas Trudeau, Realtor®:

This exemption request is virtually the same as the Granted Exemption No.11138 in that the
proposed usage of the UAS is for the same Real Estate purpose, it is the same UAS make and
model, and all of the FAA requirements setforth in Granted Exemption No.11138 will be
complied with.
-End of Summary-
In closing, I, Wesley W. Myers, Jr. respectfully request that I be granted an exemption as set forth above
for the purpose of aerial photography/videography and augmenting real estate listing videos (or similar
operations).

Wesley W. Myers, Jr. Section 333 Exemption Petition (954)261-5568 WesMyers007@gmail.com

                                                                                                                                        Page 7
