                                          CORRECTED COPY

The FAA is reissuing the April 27, 2015, grant of exemption of Exemption No. 11440. A
correction was made to add aerial data collection to the Our Decision section. Below is the
amended Exemption No. 11440 that includes the aforementioned change. We made the
correction in our records as of May 7, 2015.

April 27, 2015

                                                          Exemption No. 11440
                                                          Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0168

Mr. Jonathan B. Rupprecht
Rupprecht Law, P.A.
324 Datura Street, Suite 200
West Palm Beach, FL 33401

Dear Mr. Rupprecht:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated January 18, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The exemption would allow the petitioner to operate an unmanned aircraft system
(UAS) to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and television industry for
scripted closed set filming.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.
                                                                                                                 2

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is an Allied Drones Chaos X-8.

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR Part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for closed set motion picture and television filming. The
FAA has issued grants of exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those
presented in your petition. In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket
No. FAA-2014-0352), 11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to
VDOS Global, LLC (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an
unmanned aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no
passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying
crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation
enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC is granted an exemption
from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a),
91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a)
                                                                                                                 3

and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data
collection and closed set motion picture and television filming. This exemption is subject to
the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Allied Drones
         Chaos X-8 when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming
         are permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must
         be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.
                                                                                                            4

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
                                                                                                            5

    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.
                                                                                                            6

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
    documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
                                                                                                                 7

         to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
         reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
         contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                     8

This exemption terminates on April 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                 Rupprecht Law P. A

                                  324 Datura Street, Suite 200 I West Palm Beac:b, FL 33401
                           P: (561) .222-6979 I E: jon@jru.pptedrtlaw.com IW: www.jrupprechtlaw.com

January 18th, 2015

U. S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE,
West Building Ground Floor, Room Wl2-140,
Washington, DC 20590

Re: Request for Exemption under Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform' Act
         and Part 11 of the Federal Aviation Regulations from 14 C.P.R. 61.113(a) and (b);
         91.119(c); 91.121; 91.15l(a)(l); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(l); 91.409(a)(l) and (2);
         91.417(a) & (b).

Dear Sir or Madam:
         Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (the Reform

Act) and 14 C.P.R. Part 11, Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC developer and operator of Small
Unmanned Aircraft (VA) equipped to conduct aerial photography for the motion picture and
television industry for scripted closed set filming, hereby applies for an exemption from the
listed Federal Aviation Regulations ("PARs") to allow commercial operation of its UA, so long
as such operations are conducted within and under the conditions outlined herein or as may be
established by the FAA as required by Section 333.1

         Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC requests that the publication and comment procedures be
waived in accordance with 14 C.P.R.§ 11.87 which states:

    § 11.87 Are there circumstances in which FAA may decide not to publish a summary of
    my petition for exemption?
    The FAA may not publish a summary of your petition for exemption and request
    comments if you present or we find good cause why we should not delay action on your
    petition. The factors we consider in deciding not to request comment include:

         (a) Whether granting your petition would set a precedent.
         (b) Whether the relief requested is identical to exemptions granted previously.

1 The conditions proposed by the applicant are drawn from Order 8900.1 CHG 0, Volume 3, Chapter 8-Issue a
   Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.
              Rupprecht Law P. A

         (c) Whether our delaying action on your petition would affect you adversely.
         (d) Whether you filed your petition in a timely manner.

         Corresponding to the above sub-sections, Wild Rabbit Productions has good cause to
request the FAA to waive the comment period and not delay action on the petition because:

    (a) Wild Rabbit Productions would not set any precedent. Exemption #'s 11062, 11063,
         11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080 are all previously granted petitions to "allow
         operation[s] of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) for the purpose of scripted, closed-set
         filming for the motion picture and television industry." Wild Rabbit Productions agrees to
        the SAME exact limitations as the above listed exemptions, which are included below,
         "for the purpose of scripted, closed-set filming for the motion picture and television
         industry."

    (b) This petition for exemption is requesting relief identical to the above mentioned seven
         petitioners. The regulations that Wild Rabbit Productions is seeking relief from were
         chosen based directly upon the FAA's chart included in the seven exemptions mentioned
         above listing which regulations needed exempting. This was done so that the FAA could
         waive the comment period and rapidly grant this petition. Furthermore, much of the
        petition below is copied directly from the petitions of the seven, except we have
         eliminated certain flawed parts (communication between the spotter and pilot via text,
         etc.) and made minor edits to the spelling, citations, or style.

    (c) Delaying the granting of this petition would adversely affect the public. the FAA. and
        Wild Rabbit Productions. The public, as well as the FAA, would be better served by the
        FAA quickly granting this petition and thereby freeing up limited FAA resources and
         allowing FAA inspectors to dedicate their time and attention to much higher priorities.
        Moreover, Wild Rabbit Productions is eagerly seeking to start commercial operations and
         is adversely affected by the above listed regulations.

    (d) The petition has been filed in a timely manner.

                                                     Page 2 of17
· Rupprecht Law P. A

         As described more fully below, the requested exemption would permit the operation of

small, unmanned and relatively inexpensive UAS under controlled conditions in airspace that is:
1) limited; 2) predetermined; 3) controlled as to access; and, 4) would provide safety
enhancements to the already safe operations in the film and television industry presently using
conventional aircraft. Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the
Secretary of Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities to "establish
requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace system."
Section 333(c) of the Reform Act.

Petitioner's contact info:

Wild Rabbit Productions, LLC
Attn: Drew Roberts
Phone: 323-577-3977
Email: drew@wildrabbitproductions.com
Address: 4310 Wawona Street, Los Angeles, CA 90065

Rupprecht Law, P.A.
Attn: Jonathan Rupprecht
Phone: 561-222-6979
Email: jon@jrupprechtlaw.com
Address: 324 Datura Street, Suite 200, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:

    · 14 C.P.R.§ 61.113(a) & (b)
    · 14 C.P.R. § 91.119(c)
    · 14 C.P.R. § 91.121
    · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.151(a)(1)
    · 14 C.P.R. § 91.405(a)
    · 14 C.P.R. § 91.407(a)(1)
    · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.409(a)(1) & (2)
    · 14 C.P.R.§ 91.417(a) & (b)

         This exemption application is expressly submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing
Section 333(a) through (c) of the Reform Act. This law directs the Secretary of Transportation to
consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace
system (NAS) before completion of the rulemaking required under Section 332 of the FAA

                                               Page 3 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

Modernization and Reform Act. In making this determination, the Secretary is required to
determine which types ofUA do not create a hazard to users of the NAS or the public or pose a
threat to national security in light of the following:

     · The UA's size, weight, speed, and operational capability;
    · Operation of the UA in close proximity to airports and populated areas; and,
    · Operation of the UA within visual line of sight of the operator (VLOS).

Reform Act § 333(a). Lastly, if the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely
in the national airspace system, the Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation
of such aircraft in the national airspace system." /d.§ 333(c) (emphasis added).2

         The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions.
This statutory authority by its terms includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined
under § 40101 of the Act that includes UAS 's, from the requirement that all civil aircraft must
have a current airworthiness certificate.

         "The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation
prescribed under subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any sections 44702-44716 of this title if

the Administrator finds the exemption in the public interest." 49 U.S.C. § 44701(f). See also 49

u.s.c. § 4471l(b).

         Wild Rabbit Production's UA are rotorcraft, weighing 55 lbs. or less including payload.
They operate, under normal conditions at a speed of no more than 50 knots and they have the
capability to hover, and move in the vertical and horizontal plane simultaneously. They will
operate only within VLOS and only within the sterile area described in the Confidential Motion
Picture and Television Operations Manual and Flight Operations and Procedures Manual
attached as Exhibit 1 (hereinafter "the Operating Manual").3 Such operations will insure that the
UA will "not create a hazard to users of the national airspace system or the public."4

2 Applicant interprets this provision to place the duty on the Administrator to not only process applications for
  exemptions under section 333, but for the Administrator to craft conditions for the safe operation of the UAS, if it
  should be determined that the conditions set forth herein do not fulfill the statutory requirements for approval.

3 FAA Licensed Commercial Pilots, a Certified Flight Instructor, a FAA Designated Engineering Representative,
  and members of the motionpictureindt1stry have reviewed this manual an<!_have found it acceptable for UA flight

                                                      Page 4 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

         Given the small size of the UA involved and the restricted sterile environment within
which they will operate, the applicant falls squarely within that zone of safety (an equivalent
level of safety) in which Congress envisioned that the FAA must, by exemption, allow
commercial operations ofUA to commence immediately. Also, due to the size of the UA and the
restricted areas in which the relevant UA will operate, approval of the application presents no
national security issue. Given the clear direction in Section 333 of the Reform Act, the authority
contained in the Federal Aviation Act, as amended; the strong equivalent level of safety
surrounding the proposed operations, and the significant public benefit, including enhanced
safety, reduction in environmental impacts, including reduced emissions associated with
allowing UA for movie and television operations, the grant of the requested exemptions is in the
public interest. Accordingly, the applicant respectfully requests that the FAA grant the requested
exemption without delay.
AIRCRAFT AND EQUIVALENT LEVEL OF SAFETY

         The applicant proposes that the exemption requested herein apply to civil aircraft that
have the characteristics and that operate with the limitations listed herein. These limitations
provide for at least an equivalent or even higher level of safety to operations under the current
regulatory structure because the proposed operations represent a safety enhancement to the
already safe movie and television filming operations conducted with conventional aircraft.

         These limitations and conditions, taken directly from the seven exemptions granted to
film companies (Exemption #'s 11062, 11063, 11064, 11065, 11066, 11067, 11080), Wild Rabbit
Productions agrees to be bound when conducting commercial UA operations. These limitations
have already been written and incorporated into the Operating Manual. The list of limitations and
conditions include the following:

operations in the film and television industry. Applicant submits this manual as a Confidential document under 14

C.F.R. § 11.35(b) as the entire manual contains proprietary information that the applicant has not and will not

share with others. The manual contains operating conditions and procedures that are not available to the public

and are protected from release under the Freedom of Information Act 5 U.S.C. § 552 et. seq.
4 Reform Act Section 333(b).
                              .               .

                                 Page 5 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A.

1. The UA weighs less than 55 pounds, including batteries and camera gimbal. Operations
         requested in this petition for exemption are limited to the following aircraft described in

        the proprietary operator's manual: Allied Drones Chaos X-8. Proposed operations of any

         other UA will require a new petition or an amendment.

2. The UA shall not be flown at a speed exceeding a ground speed of 50 knots.

3. Flights must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL), as indicated by the procedures specified in the operator's manual. All altitudes
         reported to ATC must be in feet AGL.

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
         requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued medical certificate.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The VO may be used to satisfy the
         VLOS requirement, as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO and
         PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times.

6. The operator's manual shall be maintained and made available to the Administrator upon
         request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption
         and the procedures outlined in the operator's manual, the conditions and limitations
         herein take precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the
        procedures as outlined in its operator's manual. The operator may update or revise its
         operator's manual. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present
         updated and revised documents to the Administrator upon request. The operator must also
         present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension or amendment. If the
         operator determines that any update or revision would affect the basis of this exemption,
         then the operator must petition for amendment to their exemption. The FAA's UAS
         Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
         revisions to the operator's manual.

7. Prior to each flight the PIC must inspect the UAS to ensure it is in a condition for safe
         flight. Ift11e inspection reveals a condition tll_at a.ffects t11e safe operation of the UAS, the

                                              Page 6 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

         aircraft is prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed
         and the UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight. The Ground Control Station
         shall be included in the preflight inspection. All maintenance and alterations shall be
         properly documented in the aircraft records.
8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
         flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
         functional test flight in accordance with the operator's manual. The PIC who conducts the
         functional test flight must make an entry in the UAS aircraft records of the flight. The
         requirements and procedures for a functional test flight and aircraft record entry are
         included in the operator's manual.
9. The operator shall follow the manufacturer's UAS aircraft/component, maintenance,
         overhaul, replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements. An aircraft maintenance
         manual with maintenance/component/overhaul, replacement, and inspection/maintenance
         requirements has been established and included in the operator's manual.
10. The Pilot In Command (PIC) shall possess at least a private pilot certificate and at least a
         current third-class medical certificate. The PIC must also meet the flight review
        requirements specified in 14 C.F.R. § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on
         his/her pilot certificate.
11. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming (or similar
         operations), the PIC must have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14
        C.F.R. § 61.51 (b), a minimum of 200 flight cycles and 25 hours of total time as a UAS
         rotorcraft pilot and at least ten hours logged as a UAS pilot with a similar UAS type
         (single blade or multirotor). Prior documented flight experience that was obtained in
         compliance with applicable regulations may satisfy this requirement. Training,
         proficiency, and experience-building flights can also be conducted under this grant of
         exemption to accomplish the required flight cycles and flight time. During training,
         proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for flight operations

                                                       Page 7 of17
 · Rupprecht Law P. A

         are considered non-participants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate
         distance from non-participants in accordance with 14 C.P.R.§ 91.119.

12. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, the PIC must
         have accumulated and logged, in a manner consistent with 14 C.P.R. § 61.51 (b), a
         minimum of five hours as UAS pilot operating the make and model ofUAS to be utilized
         for operations under the exemption and three take-offs and three landings in the
         preceding 90 days. During training, proficiency, experience-building, and take-off and
         landing currency flights all persons not essential for flight operations are considered non-
         participants, and the PIC must operate the UA with appropriate distance from non-
         participants in accordance with 14 C.P.R.§ 91.119.

13. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, the PIC and
         visual observer (VO) must have successfully completed a qualification process, as
         outlined in the operator's manual. The test has been developed by the operator and shall
         be implemented by a qualified person designated at the sole discretion of the operator. A
         record of completion of this qualification process must be documented and made
         available to the Administrator upon request.

14. Prior to operations conducted for the purpose of motion picture filming, a flight
         demonstration, administered by an operator-approved and qualified pilot must be
         successfully completed and documented. This documentation must be available for
         review upon request by the Administrator. Because the knowledge and airmanship test
         qualifications have been developed by the operator, the petitioner will conduct these tests
         in accordance with the operator's manual.

15. The UA may not be operated directly over any person, except authorized and consenting
         production personnel, below an altitude that is hazardous to persons or property on the
         surface in the event of a UAS failure or emergency.

16. Regarding the distance from participating persons, the operator's manual has safety
         mitigations for authorized and consenting production personnel. At all times, those
         persons must be essential to the closed-set film operations. Because these procedures are

                                                Page 8 of17
 · Rupprecht Law P.A

         specific to participating persons, no further FSDO or Aviation Safety Inspector (ASI)
         approval is necessary for reductions to the distances specified in the petitioner's manuals.
         This is consistent with the manned aircraft procedures described in FAA Order 8900.1,
        V3, C8, S1 Issue a Certificate of Waiver for Motion Picture and Television Filming.

17. Regarding distance from non-participating persons, the operator must ensure that no
        persons are allowed within 500 feet of the area except those consenting to be involved
         and necessary for the filming production. This provision may be reduced to no less than
         200 feet if it would not adversely affect safety and the Administrator has approved it. For
         example, an equivalent level of safety may be determined by an aviation safety
         inspector's evaluation of the filming production area to note terrain features, obstructions,
         buildings, safety barriers, etc. Such barriers may protect non-participating persons
         (observers, the public, news media, etc.) from debris in the event of an accident. This is
         also consistent with the same FAA Order 8900.1, V3, C8, Sl.

18. If the UA loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
         determined location within the security perimeter and land or be recovered in accordance
        with the operator's manual.

19. The UA must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies in
         accordance with the operator's manual.

20. Each UA operation must be completed within 30 minutes flight time or with 25% battery
         power remaining, whichever occurs first.

21. The operator must obtain an Air Traffic Organization (ATO) issued Certificate of Waiver
         or Authorization (COA) prior to conducting any operations under this grant of exemption.
         This COA will also require the operator to request a Notice to Airman (NOTAM) not
         more than 72 hours in advance, but not less than 48 hours prior to the operation.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
         number, registered in accordance with 14 C.P.R. part 47, and have identification (N-
         Number) markings in accordance with 14 C.P.R. part 45, subpart C. Markings must be as

      . large as practicable.

                                                Page 9 of 17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

23. The operator has developed procedures to document and maintain a record of the UA
        maintenance, preventative maintenance, alterations, status of replacement/overhaul
         component parts, and the total time in service of the UA.

24. Each UA must comply with all manufacturer Safety Bulletins and firmware updates.
25. The operator has developed UA technician qualification criteria and they are included in

        the operator's manual.
26. The preflight inspection accounts for all discrepancies, i.e. inoperable components, items,

         or equipment, not covered in the relevant preflight inspection sections of the operator's
        manual.
27. The radio frequency spectrum used for operation and control of the UA complies with the
        Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or other appropriate government oversight
         agency requirements.
28. At least three days before scheduled filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local FSDO with jurisdiction
         over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day notification may be waived with the
         concurrence of the FSDO. The requirements for a plan of activities and a sample form are
         in the operator's manual.
29. The documents required under 14 C.F.R. § 91.9 and § 91.203 must be available to the
        PIC at the ground control station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating. These
         documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement official
        upon request.
30. The UA must remain clear and yield the right of way to all other manned operations and
         activities at all times (including, but not limited to, ultralight vehicles, parachute
         activities, parasailing activities, hang gliders, etc.).
31. UA operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 C.F.R. § 1.1. All
         operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
        under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

                                                    Page 10 of17
 · Rupprecht Law P. A

32. The UA cannot be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

33. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
         from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

34. The UA may not operate in Class B, C, or D airspace without written approval from the
         FAA. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of the geographic center of a non-
         towered airport as denoted on a current FAA-published aeronautical chart unless a letter
         of agreement with that airport's management is obtained, and the operation is conducted
         in accordance with a NOTAM as required by the operator's COA. The letter of agreement
         with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator upon request.

35. Any 1) incident, 2) accident, or 3) flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
         boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
         the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA) UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24
         hours. Accidents must be reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
         per instructions contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov. Further flight
         operations may not be conducted until the incident, accident, or transgression is reviewed
         by AFS-80 and authorization to resume operations is provided.

Unless otherwise specified by the Administrator, the PIC, and operator must comply with all
applicable parts of 14 C.F.R. including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

STATU T0 RY CRITERIA PR0 VIDED IN SECTI 0 N 333

         The UA proposed to be operated by the applicant weighs less than 55 lbs. fully loaded,
carries neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and
operates exclusively within a secured area as outlined in the operator's manual. Unlike other civil
aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the
operator, pursuant to the criteria in the operator's manual, and under the requirements and in
compliance with local public safety requirements, to provide security for the area of operation as
is now done with conventional filming. The FAA will have advance notice of all operations and
has issued the aforementioned list of conditions and limitations. These safety enhancements,
which al~eady apply to civil aircraft operated inC()11llection with 1notio~picture and television

                                               Page 11 of 17
              Rupprecht Law P. A.

production, provide a greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than
conventional operations. Lastly, application of these same criteria demonstrates that there is no
credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of operation, location
of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry a
substantial external load.

         The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§ 44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to airports and
populated areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysis of these criteria demonstrates that
the UAS operated without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under
the conditions proposed will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing
or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions
proposed.

         As there will be no airworthiness certificate issued for the unmanned aircraft, and no FAA
regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness of the UA, the requirements
contained in the operator's manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to each
flight, will provide an equivalent level of safety.

         Since the UA fully loaded weighs no more than 55 lbs. and is operated without an
onboard pilot, there is no ability or place to carry certification and registration documents or to
display them on the unmanned aircraft. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved by keeping
these documents at the ground control point where the pilot flying the UA will have immediate
access to them. Given the size of the unmanned aircraft, the FAA registration number will be
displayed on the airframe in as large a font as possible.

14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b): PRIVATE PILOT PRIVILEGES AND LIMITATIONS: PILOT IN

COMMAND.

         Sub-sections 61.113(a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations.
Because the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers, the proposed operations can achieve
the equivalent level of safety of current operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft

                                                       Page 12 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

to have a private pilot's license rather than a commercial pilot's license to operate this small
UAS. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the UAS is
remotely controlled with no living thing on board. The area of operation is controlled and
restricted, and all flights are planned and coordinated in advance as set forth in the Operating
Manual. The level of safety provided by the requirements included in the Operating Manual
exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a commercial pilot's certificate
operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of the UAS are so
diminished from the level of risk associated with commercial operations contemplated by
Part 61 when drafted, that allowing operations of the UAS as requested with a private pilot as
the PIC exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C.F.R. § 61.113 (a) & (b).
14 C.F.R. § 91.119: MINIMUMSAFEALTITUDES

         Section 91.119 establishes safe altitudes for operation of civil aircraft. Section 91.119
(d) allows helicopters to be operated at less than the minimums prescribed, provided the
person operating the helicopter complies with any route or altitudes prescribed for helicopters
by the FAA. As this exemption is for a UAS that is a helicopter and the exemption requests
authority to operate at altitudes up to 400 AGL, or not more than 200 above an elevated
platform from which filming is planned, an exemption may be needed to allow such
operations. As set forth herein, except for the limited conditions stated in the Operating
Manual, the UAS will never operate higher than 400 AGL. It will however be operated in a
restricted area with security perimeter, where buildings and people will not be exposed to
operations without their pre-obtained consent.

         The equivalent level of safety will be achieved given the size, weight, speed of the
UAS as well as the location where it is operated. No flight will be taken without the
permission of the property owner or local officials. Because of the advance notice to the
property owner and participants in the filming activity, all affected individuals will be aware
of the planned flight operations as set forth in Chapters 1 and 13 of the Operating Manual.
Compared to flight operations with aircraft or rotorcraft weighting far more than the
maximum 55 lbs. proposed herein and the lack of flammable fuel, any risk associated with

                                                   Page 13 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

these operations is far less than those presently presented with conventional aircraft operating
at or below 500 AGL in the movie industry. In addition, the low-altitude operations of the
UAS will ensure separation between these small UAS operations and the operations of
conventional aircraft that must comply with Section 91.119.

14 C.F.R. § 91.121: ALTIMETER SETTINGS

         This regulation requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set " ... to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter,
but instead a GPS altitude read out, an exemption may be needed. An equivalent level of safety
will be achieved by the operator, pursuant to the Manual and Safety Check list, confirming the
altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude indicator before flight.

14 C.F.R. § 91.151(A): FUEL REQUIREMENTS FOR FLIGHT IN VFR CONDITIONS

         Section 91.151 (a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing, and, assuming normal cruising speed - (1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

         The battery powering the UAS provides approximately 40 minutes of powered flight. To
meet the 30 minute reserve requirement in 14 C.F.R. § 91.151, UAS flights would be limited to
approximately 10 minutes in length. Given the limitations on the UAS's proposed flight area and
the location of its proposed operations within a predetermined area, a longer time frame for flight
in daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

         Applicant believes that an exemption from 14 C.F.R. § 91.151 (a) falls within the scope
of prior exemptions. See Exemption 10673 (allowing Lockheed Martin Corporation to operate
without compliance with FAR 91.151 (a)). Operating the small UAS, in a tightly controlled area
where only people and property owners or official representatives who have signed waivers will
be allowed, with less than 30 minutes of reserve fuel, does not engender the type of risks that
Section 91.151 (a) was intended to l:llleviate given the size and speed of the small UAS.

                                                      Page 14 of17
 · Rupprecht Law P. A

Additionally, limiting UAS flights to 10 minutes would greatly reduce the utility for which the
exemption will be granted.

         Applicant believes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting flights to
30 minutes or 25% of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more
than adequate to return the UAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited
operating area. Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions
2689F,5745, 10673,and 10808

14 C.F.R. § 91.405 (a); § 407 (a) (1); § 409 (a) (2); § 417(a) & (b): MAINTENANCE

INSPECTIONS

         These regulations require that an aircraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft
inspected as prescribed in subpart E of this part and shall between required inspections, except as
provided in paragraph (c) of this section, have discrepancies repaired as prescribed in part 43 of
this chapter... "and others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43.

         Given that these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness
certificate, these sections will not apply to the applicant. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved because these small UAS's are very limited in size and will carry a small payload and
operate only in restricted areas for limited periods of time. If mechanical issues arise the UAS
can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL. As provided in
the Operating Manual, Chapters 11 and 12, the operator will ensure that the UAS is in working
order prior to initiating flight, will perform required maintenance, and will keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety.

         Pursuant to 14 C.P.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the
Federal Register, should it be determined that publication is needed:

    Applicant seeks an exemption from the following rules:

                                                      Page 15 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A.

     14 C.P.R. 61.113(a) and (b); 91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151(a)(1); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1);
     91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle
     (55 lbs. or less) in motion picture and television operations.

     Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operations of UAS 's in the film industry
     will enhance safety by reducing risk. Conventional film operations, using jet or piston
     power aircraft, operate at extremely low altitudes just feet from the subject being filmed
     and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present the risks associated with
     aircraft that weigh in the neighborhood of 4,000 lbs., carrying large amounts of jet A or
     other fuel (140 gallons for jet helicopters shown below). Such aircraft must fly to and
     from the film location. In contrast, a UAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by
     batteries eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of
     combustible fuel carried on board. The UAS is carried to the film set and not flown. The
     UAS will carry no passengers or crew; therefore, it will not expose them to the risks
     associated with manned aircraft flights.

    The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted in the strict
    conditions outlined above, will provide an equivalent level of safety supporting the grant
    of the exemptions requested herein. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds,
    close to the ground, and in a sterile environment and, as a result, are far safer than
    conventional operations conducted with turbine helicopters operating in close proximity
    to the ground and people.

DRUG AND ALCOHOL TESTING

         The previous seven exemptions granted did not mention alcohol or drug testing; however,
Wild Rabbit Productions has drug and alcohol testing procedures and a handbook which are
included in Chapters 14 and 15 of the Operating Manual. This further goes to mitigate any safety
concerns.

PRIVACY

         All flights will occur over private or controlled access property with the property owner's
PJ'iOr consent(llld knowledge. Filmingwill be ~freople who have also consented to being filmed

                                                       Page 16 of17
              Rupprecht Law P. A

or otherwise have agreed to be in the area where filming will take place. The grant of this
exemption request will provide improved safety over the use of manned aircraft.

         Satisfaction of the criteria provided in Section 333 of the Reform Act of 2012-size,
weight, speed, operating capabilities, proximity to airports and populated areas and operation
within visual line of sight and national security - provides more than adequate justification for
the grant of the requested exemptions allowing commercial operation of applicant's UAS in the
motion picture and television industry pursuant to the Operating Manual appended hereto.

         Sincerely yours,

         Jonathan B. Rupprecht, Esquire

                                                     Page 17 of17
