July 14, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12029
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015-1292

Mr. Jonathan Cook
Windshear Media LLC
305 Charl Court
Stevensville, MD 21666

Dear Mr. Cook:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated April 17, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Windshear Media, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography and videography, data collection, agricultural assessment, news gathering,
training and education, support services for public entities, inspections of structures, real
estate photos and videos, closed-set film and movie production.1

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner are the DJI Phantom 1, DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1,
and DJI S1000.

1 By email dated June 18, 2015, the petitioner withdrew its request for closed-set filming and movie productions.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21 and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection.2 The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Windshear Media, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

2 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                             3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Windshear Media, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 1,
    DJI Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and DJI S1000 when weighing less than 55 pounds
    including payload. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
    not permitted.

3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
    exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
    compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
    airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
    aircraft manufacturer.

4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
    This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
    U.S. driver's license.

6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
    the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
    to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
    capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
    electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
    must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
    duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
    required of the VO.

7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
    operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
    exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
                                                                                                            4

    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on July 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
llltDSHEAR MEDIA                  LLC
llldoo Producl·on

ltloiiOn Graphics Visual Effects

April I 7, 2015

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Management System
1200 New Jersey Ave., SE
Washington, DC 20590

Petition ofWindshear Media LLC. for Exemption Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA
Modernization and Reform Act of2012.

To Whom It May Concern:

Windshear Media LLC. (WM), hereby applies for an exemption from Federal Aviation Regulations
(FARs) identified below, to allow commercial operations of small unmanned aerial systems (i.e.,
sUAS) pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 and 14 CFR Part

11.

This exemption is in accordance with protocols outlined in this petition for exemption, the enclosed
WM's Operations Manual, the UAS manufacturer's operations and/or instructions manual, UAS
User's Manuals, sUAS Quick Start Guides, and any other requirements established by the FAA
pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act.

 Windshear Media LLC respectfully requests a waiver on the 45-day comment period, as this
 application is identical in description to other Section 333 Exemptions that have already been
 granted.

 This exemption would permit commercial operations by Windshear Media LLC, to use the Dn
 Phantom 1, on Phantom 2, DJI Inspire 1, and the DJI SlOOO, to conduct aerial photography and
 videography, agricultural assessment of crops and data collection, news gathering, training and
 education, support services for public entities, inspections and assessments of structures, real estate
 photography and videography, and closed set film and movie production. WM' s operation under the
 exemption w111 be subject to specific operating requirements and conditions to ensure an equivalent
 level of safety to currently authorized operations using manned aircraft and under conditions as may
 be modified by the FAA as required by Section 333.

 Windshear Media LLC submits the Operations Manual as a confidential document under 14 CFR §
 11.35(b), the entire content of this manual contains confidential information that WM has not and
 will not make available to others. This manual contains operating procedures and additional
 information that is not available to the public and are protected from release under the Freedon of
 Information Act, 5 USC§ 552 (b) (4).
   WM has assembled a team ofUAS personnel, including pilots with Commercial and Instructor
   Ratings, and will be operate sUAS within the National Airspace(NAS) under controlled VFR
   conditions at or below 400' AGL. They will operate the sUAS with pilots who are current and
   qualified with a FAA Pilot Certificate and have completed WM's training program.
   Windshear Media LLC respectfully submits this request for an exemption because it operates sUAS.
   Currently, the operations ofWM will be conducting will be in lieu of comparatively hazardous
   operations now conducted with fixed wing and rotary conventional aircraft. The FAA can have
   confidence that the operations will be conducted at an equivalent level or greater level of safety.
   Approval of this exemption would thereby enhance safety and fulfill the Secretary of
   Transportation's (the FAA Administrator's) responsibilities under Section 333(c) of the Reform Act
   to "establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft systems in the national airspace
   system."
   For your convenience, WM has organized this Exemption request as follows:

        I. Petitioner's Description
        II. Relevant Statutory Authority
      HI. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 ofthe Reform Act
       IV. Details ofProposed sUAS Operations
        V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested
       Vl. Public Interest
      Vll. Privacy
     VIII. Federal Registry Summary
       IX. Conclusion

I. Petitioner's Description:
   Windshear Media LLC, headquartered in Stevensville, Maryland, is a Production Company that also
   provides film and movie production services, support to news services, real estate photography, services to
   first responders, photographic assessment of agriculture, education, and sUAS demonstration flights in a
   compliant and safe environment. WM plans on providing a wide range of sUAS services as the market
   expands.
   The management at WM has over 45 years combined experience in aviation with both helicopter and fixed-
   wing aircraft (including Search and Rescue, Medevac, Law Enforcement, disaster assessment, and Homeland
    Security.), and over 4 years experience operating sUAS. The Chief Pilot has over 8500 hours in both
    rotorcraft and fixed wing aircraft, has been a commercial pilot for 29 years, is a Certified Flight Instructor
    and Instrument Instructor in both Helicopter and Single Engine Land and has been an IP for 20 years. The
    Chief Pilot is intimately familiar with operational control procedures and overseeing the safe operations of an
    aviation event. The President has over 24 years working in an aviation and first responder environment as
    well as over seventeen years in video production and understands the requirements to integrate the sUAS into

                                                                                                                                                        2
  open and closed set television and movie locations.

  WM's goal is to operate in an accident-free environment by:

        · Demonstrating a commitment by management and all employees' to operator in a compliant manner.
         · Identify hazard and risk while eliminating or controlling all these risk. They will use steps to intervene
        and report when unsafe work practices appear to exist.
         · Train all employees involved in flight operations to operate at the highest standard level.

    The contact information for Petitioner is as follows:

         Windshear Media LLC.
         Attn: Jonathan Cook
         305 Chari Court
         Stevensville, MD 21666
         Ph: 443-497-0539
         Email: Info@WindshearMedia.com

ll. Relevant Statutory Authority:

    This petition for exemption is submitted to fulfill Congress' goal in passing Section 333(a) through (c) of the
    Reform Act. Congress has directed the FAA "to safely accelerate the integration of civil unmanned aircraft
    systems into the national airspace system." Pursuant to Section 333 of the Reform Act, the FAA
    Administrator is to consider whether certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the National
    Airspace ("NAS") before completion of the formal UAS rulemaking, based on the following considerations:

    · The UAS's size, weight, speed, and operational capability~
    · Operation of the UAS in close proximity to airports and populated areas~ and
     · Operation of the UAS within the visual line of sight of the operator.
     If the Secretary determines that such vehicles "may operate safely in the National Airspace System, the
     Secretary shall establish requirements for the safe operation of such aircraft in the National Airspace
     System".

     Additional ly, the FAA Administrator has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety regulations
     and minimum standards when the Administrator decides a requested exemption is in the pub1ic interest. A
     party requesting an exemption must explain the reasons why the exemption: (1) would benefit the public as
     a whole, and (2) would not adversely affect safety (or how it would provide a level of safety at least equal to
     the existing rules).

     The Federal Aviation Act expressly grants the FAA the authority to issue exemptions. This statutory
     authority, by its terms, includes exempting civil aircraft, as the term is defined under 40101 of the Act, from
     the requirement that all civil aircraft must have a current airvvorthiness certificate and those regulations
     requiring commercial pilots to operate aircraft in commercial service:

        The Administrator may grant an exemption from a requirement of a regulation prescribed under
                                    subsection (a) or (b) of this section or any ofsections.

                                                                                                                                                       3
m. Qualifications for Approval Under Section 333 of the Reform Act

    The proposed operations in this petition for exemption qualify for expedited approval under Section 333 of
    the Reform Act. Each ofthe statutory criteria and other relevant factors are satisfied.

     The proposed operations would permit WM the use of small UAS under controlled conditions in airspace
     that is: (1) predetermined; (2) controlled as to access; and that (3) provides an Increased level of safety
     beyond that existing when fixed or rotor wing aircraft are used to accomplish the same purpose.

     WM uses UASs that are multi-rotor, weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. They operate, under
     normal conditions, at speeds not to exceed 50 mph. The multi-rotor has the capability to hover and move in
     the vertical and horizontal plane. WM's UAS will operate in line of sight, during daylight hours, and will
     only operate within a sterile area described in the enclosed Operations Manual. WM will operate at or below
     400 feet AGL and will file a NOTAM for each flight operated in controlled airspace that is required. All
     required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county or city jurisdictions,
     Including local law enforcement, fire, or other appropriate governmental agencies prior to operating a
     sUAS.

IV. Details of Proposed slJAS Operations

     The enclosed Operations Manual describes, in detail, the policies and procedures for WM's proposed sUAS
     operations. To assist the FAA in its safety assessment ofWM's proposed sUAS operations, below is a
     summary ofoperational limitations and conditions that will ensure an equivalent or higher level of safety to
     operations conducted under current regulatory guidelines:

      1. The sUAS w111 weigh less than 55 pounds.

       2. Flights vvill be operated within line of sight of the PIC and visual observer.

       3. Maximum total flight time for each operational flight will be limited to 20 minutes or the amount of
            time the sUAS can be flown and still maintain a reserve battery power or fuel quantity of no less than
            25%.

       4. Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet AGL or, not more than 200 feet above
            an elevated platform from which filming is planned.

       5. Flights will be operated at a lateral distance ofleast 100 feet from any inhabited structures, buildings,
            vehic1es, vessels, people not associated with the operation or who have not signed a waiver in advance
            of the operation.

       6. Minimum crew for each operation will consist of the sUAS Pilot in Command and a Visual Observer.
            Additional crewmembers may consist ofadditional observers and a Camera Operator.

       7. The sUAS Pilot in Command will be an FAA licensed airman with a minimum of a private pilot's
            certificate and a third class medical.

                                                                                                                                                                                          4
8. WM will designate a Pilot in Command ("PIC") for each mission.
9. A briefing will be conducted in regard to the planned sUAS operations prior to each day's flight

    activities. It will be mandatory for all personnel performing duties within the boundaries of the safety
    perimeter be present for this briefing.
10. Prior to the operations at a particular location, a site inspection and mission briefing will have been
    conducted. On the day of the mission, the management person with operational control and the PIC will
     concur on dispatching of the mission.
11. The PIC and Observer will remain in close enough proximity so as to be able to communicate by voice.
12. All sUAS will be maintained in accordance with the manufacturer's guidelines.
13. In the event of an accident involving a WM sUAS, they will cease operations and report the accident to
     the NTSB and AFS-80.
14. Pilot in Command and Visual Observer will at all times be able to communicate by voice
15. All PICs, VOs, and Camera Operators will be training and tested on their proficiency to operate with
     the UAS environment.
 16. All required permissions and permits would be obtained from territorial, state, county or city
     jurisdictions, including local law enforcement, fire or other appropriate governmental agencies.
 17. In compliance with approved Waiver, WM management will submit a written "Plan of Activities" to
     the local Flight Standards District Office (FSDO) having jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming
     three days in advanced of operations during film or movie productions.
 18. If the sUAS loses communications signal, the sUAS will have the capability to return to a pre-
     determined location within the closed set and land.
 19. Contingency plans will be in place to safely terminate flight if there is a loss of communication
     between the pilot and the observer.
 20. The sUAS has the capability to abort a flight in case ofunpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

                                                                                                                                               5
V. Regulations From Which Exemption is Requested

                             · 14 CFR Part 21
                             · 14 CFR 45.23(b)
                            · 14 CFR 61. 113 (a) & (b)
                             · 14 CFR 91.7 (a)
                             · 14 CFR 91.9 (b) (2)
                             · 14 CFR 9 1. 103
                             · 14 CFR 91. 109
                             · 14 CFR 9 1.119
                             · 14 CFR 91.12 1
                             · 14 CFR 9 1. 151 (a)
                            · 14 CFR 9 1.203 (a) & (b)
                           · 14 CFR 9 1.405 (a); 407 (a) (1);409 (a) (2); 4 17 (a) (b)

A. 14 CFR Part 21, Subpart H: Airworthiness Certificates 14 C.F.R. §91.203 (a) (1)

     Subpart H, entttled Airworthmess Certificates, establishes the procedural requirements for the issuance of
     airworthiness certificates as required by FAR §91.203 (a) (1). Given the size and limited operating area
     associated with the aircraft to be utilized by The Aerial Filming Company, an exemption from Part 21
     Subpart H meets the requirements of an equivalent level of safety under Part II and Section 333 of the
     Reform Act. The Federal Aviation Act (49 U.S.C.§44701 (f)) and Section 333 of the Reform Act both
     authorize the FAA to exempt aircraft from the requirement for an airworthiness certificate, upon
     consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capability, and proximity to atrports and populated
     areas of the particular UAS. In all cases, an analysts of these criteria demonstrates that the UAS operated
     without an airworthiness certificate, in the restricted environment and under the conditions proposed will be
     at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed wing or rotorcraft) operating with an
     airworthiness certificate without the restrictions and conditions proposed.

     The sUAS to be operated is less than 55 lbs. full} loaded, carnes neither a pilot nor passenger, carries no
     explosive materials or flammable fuels, and operates exclusively v.ithin a secured area. Unlike other civil
     aircraft, operations under this exemption will be tightly controlled and monitored by both the operator, and
     under the requirements and in compliance with local public safety requirements. The FAA will have
     advance notice of all operations. These safety enhancements, which already apply to civil aircrail, provide a
     greater degree of safety to the public and property owners than conventional operations conducted with
     amvorthiness certificates issued under 14 C.P.R Part 21, Subpart t I. ApplicatiOn of these same cnteria
     demonstrates that there is no credible threat to national security posed by the UAS, due to its size, speed of
     operation, location of operation, lack of explosive materials or flammable liquid fuels, and inability to carry
      a substantial external load.

 B. 14 CFR § 45.23 (b). Marking of the Aircraft

      The regulation requires:

         When marks include only the Roman capital letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on
         limited, restricted or light-sport category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the
         operator must also display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station. in

                                                                                                                                                             6
        letters not Jess than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
        "experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.
    Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be needed as the UAS wtll
    have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pi lot station on which the word "Experimental" can be placed.
    Given the size of the sUAV, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The word "Experimental" will be placed
    on the fuselage in compliance wtth §45.29 (f).
    The equivalent level of safety will be provided by having the sUA V marked on its fuselage as required by
    §45 29 (f) where the pi lot, observer and others workmg with the sUAV will see the identrfication of the
    UAS as "Experimental." The FAA has issued the following exemptions to this regulation to Exemptions
    Nos. 10700,8738, 10167 and 10167A.

C. 14 CFR §Part 61.113 (a) and (b) Private Pilot Privileges and Limitations; Pilot in Command
    Sections 61 113 (a) & (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations Because the UAS will not carry
     a pilot or passengers; the proposed operations can achieve the equivalent level of safet} of current
     operations by requiring the PIC operating the aircraft to have a private pilot's license to operate this sUAS.
     Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries the pilot and passengers, the sUAS is remotely controlled. The
     area of operation is controlled and restricted, and all fl1ghts are planned and coordinated in advance. The
     level of safety provided by our requirements exceeds that provided by a single individual holding a
     commercial pilofs certificate operating a conventional aircraft. The risks associated with the operation of
     the sUAS are so diminished from the level of risk associated wtth comrnerctal operations contemplated b}
     Part 61 when drafted, that allowmg operat10ns ofthe sUAS as requested with a private pilot as the PIC
     exceeds the present level of safety achieved by 14 C. F.R. §61. 113 (a) & (b).

D. 14 CFR §91.7(a): Civil aircraft airworthiness.
     The regulation requires that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless it is in airworthy condition. As
     there wi11 be no airv,;orthiness certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no
     FAA regulatory standard will exist for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft and the
     requirements contained in our operations manual for maintenance and use of safety check lists prior to
     each flight, as set forth in Sections J, L, and Q , an equivalent level of safety ""ill be pro" ided.

E. 14 CFR § 91.9 (b) (2): Civil Aircraft Flight Manual in the Aircraft.
      Section 91.9 (b) (2) provides:
           No person may operate aU $.-registered civil aircraft.. .
           (2) For \\hich an Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual is not required by §21.5 of this chapter, unless
           there is available in the aircraft a current approved airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved
           manual material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

                                                                                                                                                               7
The sUAS,      given its size  and configuration has no ability or place to carry such a  flight manual   on the
aircraft, not  only because    there is no pilot on board, but because there is no room   or capactty to  carry

such an item on the atrcraft.

Tpfoohlielnotewqwiunhigevraeelxetnehmte plpetiviloeonltsoflftyosinatgfheitstyhreewgsiUulllAabtSieonwm:ialEilnxhteaaimvnepedtiimobnmyeNkdeoieasp.tei8n6ag0cc7the, es8sf7lt3iog7hi,tt.8mT7h3aen8u,F9aAl2A9at9ht,ha9se2ig9sr9souAue,ndd9t5hc6eo5n,tr9o5l658,
10167, 10167A, 10602,32827,and 10700.

F. 14 CFR § 91.103: Preflight action
    TFnTeAhheieAsdePradIep.CgpAurwlonavitleeiloqdtnuarikvoreeatqolaeurlcnlirrtaeacslfettiveofaelncilgshohiPtfnIsmcCaluafedntotiuynatgalwskrielewlvcibileelerwtnpaiorinnotgvbaiewcdtepeiodraontahvsseidbrs,eeedfftolfifrgooehrrtfthltbihgiaenhtttaeoitrruoycrriarcnefosqtnuuarfieinrdeetemhnxeteeinmastlaspf,oteiptolyaennroadwftiinfnillggilgabhmnet.daAnusal.
     takeoff distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight.

G. 14 CFR §91.109: Flight instruction

Section 91 .103 provides that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except     a manned free   balloon)  that
is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning  dual controls.

sNiccpsUooaoansmAscst.reSmc5onos7lu/gms7nre8epfirmoKcsliarsowth&atieoeilnldnly9usb8mt.ph6eTbir2clhoeAoaeurtr.geroFidhTefAhdaatAhieirriecncehrrqauatashusffteeita,vpoaaabpinflyrerdacontrhvftcaoeoeflritdenrvaftrdleenioelxgdlsehoimbbtgfoynipsnxattsdihftoteohrenutayssnctiotczfpitoooerrhonmaavfnmivilnddiegueehsnfdxputicpletblareeyyatrdeiitfmnshuoiewnefnnctfgithattiahcweoltntiaahtatiihehlrroccaadurrtiaautrnffcaftetrul..ialtcSlfhyoteenevrftuiraEaonxlpcrseait.ilmdooFintpolatinigloohdrntucaol ntrol

H. 14 CFR §91.119: Minimum safe altitudes
    tSwhnwoeeeiiehctlblhdtceiheooaodopnnpwtyt9eeoer1rravo.aat1eulnelr1tdode9bwatoeehtrssoeltuaepaeclsebtxshirletiatuomshtdpheapeeedntsrsiiatonpshtnaireaoefrnensmecsaaq.irlrmuiAtbeeimatessudtwudssefmehaotseusrfrftoephohrerrobtelhrouisicpitchol)enedprrbtiatoeneetigidrnooss,,pnbaptehnyorreaodfttvhscepiUeideavAeotFildpaASalltAteihwirtwe.cuirlApdilaleeflsntrs.netshuvooSipentesrbctoeootexpipoe4eeenxm0rrap0a9ptoti1Aetns.ieg1oaGdn1ttL9hhtio,sei(gadfhohno)eperelaeriaxlrcltaeoohstmpwUiaotnpsAentr4shSi0ocew0tonlihimctrAahnotpGaopil}usitLeetab.srseIt
     their pre-obtained consent.

     Tolaafaouffiihcrffreecicealcrrc,teiaiataaoqefflntntudsyo.oiwvmrpBraihedrseloreeikcavtrnaoteaiitudrsn1clsusgeteroaviasalcoefstitolfawo\pottvhreeifeledrbsliageaawbtlhfedeoeidivttwna.hyagwNnt5whfca0oaeeir0lresflnelmAoibogooefGthiptrcaLtheeecwer.thathIpoitinlaiellontavahbnnedtesendhdepeitigsadtrmkiiofovfeaplanenriexn,grlwithettmh)shtiesteuoohlmtpwsooheiwunzar5tenae-5,ttart1ihlwhboatesoinnet.psdsui.egpedphrrCepmoatro,rpoeitmaopsiscnsseepiiedrnpoaadtnraslteypnihodoetepsnfertrseodtiehniosnofeeltfifhanptgtnehtrhheodefetdpistolUehmwUpreAteiAiytnrlShaaSgoctcaiwawkooscninnoltw1eivsfvreeewftlnotlnlyaitrstaim,uholsaornmltecalhaalebl le

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               8
separation between these small- UAS operations and the operations ofconventional aircraft that must
comply with Section 91.119.

I. 14 CFR §91.121 Altimeter Settings

    Taaricnelvohtafaimiodmsilrbameoribetuneagltaert,uitoiblatoahnentnafiooewttnxrhiieselelmrsrdebeeeqpeotputifa"gior.re.Bnet.nusteeormfereo.ataah"rtyceeehAdbeespealbeectynvhrhesaeeeotfqisdlnoiuUegniodhApp.otmSe,fOreaatmnhutztiearenyrisgdnoUensapatAonalattlSrliathetuiudahrrdcvaeroeseanaiafanittrbibhpttoaiaeoarrrtomoatiiommraoncieernrttaaptrrafinoitcic,in,anaGpttlceptPwrliureSmiomilslpetiertrnbietiagrearnit,ceeagbsludattuialalttatbutitialmdiniosesfenehtetebeeadoydrd.rrsaTaaeennfhtGedtyiirsnPecgSnaoclntaeifltiturtiomtdueaednde
     for accuracy by the PIC.

J. 14 CFR § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions
    Suinnetcleetnsiodsne(dc9o1lna.1sn5idd1ienrg(ian,)gapnwrdoi,nhadisbsiautnsmdaifnnogrinencdoaivrsmitdawulaelcartfuhroiesmrincgobnesgdpiinteinoeindns-g)(t"1ha)eDrfeluigirshintegninothuaegnhdaaifryup,eltlaontoeflyfulynafdttoeerrthVtehFafRtirfscotorpnaodtiintlietoaonsfst
    30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45 minutes."

TTalophocpeamrtobieoxaenitmttetoarhyfteeiltp3yso0wp-1rm0eorpiminnouigsnetuedthtereosepsseeiUnrraAvlteeiSonsrngestpqhrwu.oiivGrteihdimiveneesnnaattpmhirneeadxl1eii4mmteCirutmaFmtRiinooen§fds9a1poa.prn1er5ato1h,x,eiamsUlUaoAtAneSglSye'srf4lpt0iigrmohmptesionfsrwueatdomeusfelldoifgfobhrpetofalwlirimegeahriteteadidnndftliotghhet.
daylight or night VFR conditions is reasonable.

WE9orsei1wxzse.ee1enmbr5eave1rpnesltidie(fooavusrn)eep)o.le1t,fehO0fddai6pcot7oieeaa3rsflnat(tnrhiaeeonelxpltgeorsiemUwntshcpAeienuntSigrtso.amtntLhAiaveofdlercltodskyUmihpwtiAeeohe1nSood4a,fhlMCliranyiFvs,aakeRrlstitsimi§ntighg9ihtCna1titlen.oy1dgSr5pecw1socoU(tranaiaiAo)ttvrniSoeofarln9lslfel1ltsidwo.g1hwiao5ltlrp1iseteb(haatreioa)nwtae1wlhtl0hoeawesrwmiestieihcnondotonu,epultnyewetdscioeptowdhefmoopltpepourlsilleoisadalranltgeenhcrvxadeeeinaampwtt3lreypio0ttphgirmeoievFrnditenAsyun.ucRtetSehseteheoef
utility for which the exemption will be granted.

We believe that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting  flights to 20 minutes or  25%
of battery power whichever happens first. This restriction would be more   than adequate to return   the
sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited operating
                                                                           area.

Similar exemptions have been granted to other operations, including Exemptions 2689F, 5745, 10673,
and 10808.

K. 14 CFR §91.203 (a) and (b): Carrying Civil Aircraft Certification and Registration
    The regulation provides in pertinent part:
         (a) Except as pro\lided in§ 91.715, no person may operate a civil atrcraft unless it has within it the
         following:

                                                                                                                                                                              9
(l) An appropriate and current airworthiness certifieate ·...                                    by paragraph
       No person may operate a civil aircraft unless the ainvorthiness certificate required      t the cabin or
(b)    of this section or a special flight authorization issued under §9 1.715 is displayed a
(a)
cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

The sUAS     fully loaded weighs no     more than 55 lbs   and is operated without an onboard    pilot.  As  s uch,
there is no  ability or place to carry  certification and  registration documents or to display  them    on  the

sUAS.

AtwhnheeesrUqeuAtihvSea.lpeTinhltoetlFeflvAyeiAlngohftahssaeifsessUtuyAedwSinlwlumiblelerhaoacuvhseieeivmxeedmmbepdytiiaoktneeespatiocncgtehsitsshetroseegtuhdleoamtciuo, mnto.eAnthtsereaeptxretthesenentgttahroteiuyvneadsraecmoanpptlpreolilcoapfboolitenhtetor
exceptions includes Exemption Nos. 9565,9665,9789, 9789A, 9797, 9797A, 9816A, and 10700.

L. 14 CFR §91.405 (a);407 (a) (1); 409 (a) (2); 417(a) & (b): Maintenance Inspections

These regulations require that an atrcraft operator or owner "shall have that aircraft inspected as
             in subpart E of this part and shalJ between required inspections, except as provided in
prescnbed    (c) ofthts section, have discrepancies repaired as prescnbed in part 43 ofthis chapter.. ,"     and
paragraph
others shall inspect or maintain the aircraft in compliance with Part 43 .

Gtspwpfihseleriiisecotvgluitlvehmtieiocintsod,ananentrpsahr)dure.yaiwarsAitflenaiosltnlhrtstamhheemnnseeqodaerutMsleilosaqUveappUpaAcnpelaituerlrSiyyaenaoldtlctonit,naoaslmngtdeahovanlaeuheamndralnodntodpPoedpeoanfibreprmasaorteantaom4rofctkae3ireetostdey,awniafpsaowoinp.ltnrldeillMlyleeylykanaboecisinaneehunnlprtayrrdeeeecansshtwtatoplhironeeiiaalgcvccltiteteroettbdchvdefwreeaaboaifsnslerptlUUyecewbaaArAsmueaiStSstfahaieonc(miriacgstnhntolciefiemnmrlansuoipaewidnmltneviesocsdUdorhnekrAweoptpidhenSiehtingrbhniafgoyeootrhdhserrtesmshedrveecoseertuedorfhrbyp.ptatmirieMnmlifrioiiams4ceorst0a.roi1te0ttor0Ieeofnd,fvipemtnoheueiiernertft,iscstaAsuhhettihaaiiGzsnenneLgtica.tanoAlds

operator is the person most fami liar with the aircraft and best suited to maintain the aircraft in an
airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of safety

VI. PUBLIC INTEREST

    GftharvoaosnretsipnergaorpWlyoisniendtisenhgterhaairtsiMopneetoditfiiaUoLnA.LSCWi.niantondsethhxeeeamnrapMttiiooendnailfaua' sritrhgspeoraascletihsientopcuohbneltlirpcolfilnaetcdeir,leistsaatft.eeNwsaaotfireokniinantlgepgeornlavitciiryoonsneomt fbesnyUtsCAsoSuncsghrineastsos
     mainstream USA in the following areas:

              · Videography and Photography
               · Agricultural Assessment of Crops and Data Collection
               · News Gathering
               · Training and Education
               · Support Services for Public Entities
               · Inspections and Assessments of Structures
               · Real Estate
               · Closed Set Film and Movie Production

                                                                                                                                                                            lD
Vll. PRIVACY

    All flights will be conducted in accordance with any federal, state or local laws regarding privacy.

VITI. FEDERAL REGISTER SUMMARY

    Pursuant to 14 C.F.R. Part 11, the following summary is provided for publication in the Federal Register,
    should it be determined that publication is needed: Applicant seeks an exemption from the foliO\\tng
    rules·

        14 C.F.R. §21, subpart It 14 C.F.R 45.23(b), 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113( a) & (b),91.7 (a); 91.9 (b)

         (2);91.103(b);9l.l09; 91119; 91.121; 91.l5l(a);91.203(a) and(b); 91.405 (a); 91.407 (a)(l); 91.409
         (a) (2); 91.409 (a) (2) and 91.417 (a) & (b) to operate commercially a small unmanned vehicle (55lbs
         or less).

IX. CONCLUSION

     Approval of exemptions allowing commercial operatiOns of sUASs as requested will enhance safety by
     reducing risk. Conventional operations, using Jet or piston power aircraft, operate at extremely low
     altitudes and in extreme proximity to people and structures; and present the nsks associated with
    vehicles that weigh approximately 5 ,OOOlbs carrying large amounts of fuel. Such aircraft must fly to and
     from the film location. ln contrast, a sUAS weighing fewer than 55 lbs. and powered by batteries
     eliminates virtually all of that risk given the reduced mass and lack of combustible fuel carried on board.
     The sUAS will carry no passengers or crew and, therefore, will not expose them to the risks associated
     wtth manned aircraft flights.

     The operation of small UASs, weighting less than 55 lbs., conducted m the strict conditions outlined
     above, will provide an equtvalent level of safety supporting the grant of the exemptions requested
     herem, including exempting the applicant from the requirements of Part 21 and allowing commercial
     operations. These lightweight aircraft operate at slow speeds, close to the ground, and in a secure
     environment and, as a result, are far safer than conventional operations conducted with turbine
     helicopters operating in close proximity to the ground and people.

:~~ly subm2ta t

  onathan Cook
 Windshear Media LLC.

                                                                                                                                                                                  II
