July 31, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 12266
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­2116

Mr. Ryan Koverman
President
Windy City Drones, LLC
450 Village Creek Drive
Lake in the Hills, IL 60156

Dear Mr. Koverman:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated May 28, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Windy City Drones, LLC (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct aerial
photography, tower inspection, real estate marketing, surveying, agricultural mapping, and
other flight operations.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Phantom 3 Professional.
                                                                                                                 2

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Windy City Drones, LLC is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Windy City Drones, LLC is hereafter referred to as the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Phantom 3
         Professional when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
                                                                                                            4

    documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
    Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
                                                                                                            5

    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
                                                                                       6

exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial

    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
                                                                                               7

reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
    as documented in this grant of exemption.

30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
    exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
    District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
    notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
    must include at least the following:
      a. Dates and times for all flights;
      b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
          under this grant of exemption;
      c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
          the UAS;
      d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
      e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
      f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
          and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
          who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
      g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
      h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
          town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
          essential to accomplish the operation.

31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
    consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
    exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                      8

This exemption terminates on August 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
May 28rd, 2015

Ryan Koverman                                        ·-;'                                .··---·,,
Windy City Drones
450 Village Creek Dr.
Lake in the Hills, IL 60156

U.S. Department of Transportation
Docket Operations
West Building Ground Floor
Room W12-140
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE.,
Washington, DC 20590-0001

RE: Exemption Request Section 333 of the FAA Reform Act of2012 and Part 11 of the Federal
Aviation Regulations

Dear Sir or Madam;

In accordance with the Public Guidance for Petitions for Exemption filed under Section 333,

Windy City Drones, LLC requests exemption from the Federal Aviation Regulations to allow for               ·j···

commercial UAS operations of a DJI Phantom 3 Professional, for the purpose of aerial photography,

tower inspection, real estate marketing, surveying, agricultural mapping and other flight operations that

could be performed safely and more cost effectively than a traditional manned aircraft.

Applicant:
Windy City Drones
Ryan Koverman (President)
450 Village Creek Dr.
Lake in the Hills, IL 60156

(630) 246-7443

Attachments:
    1. DJI Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
    2. DJI Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide
    3. DJI Phantom 3 Professional Release Notes
    4. DJI Phantom 3 Safety Guidelines Disclaimer
    5. DJI Phantom Pilot Training Guide
    6. Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

Regulations from which the exemption is requested:
14 CFR 21, Subpart H
14 CFR 45.23 (b)
14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) & 14 CFR 61.133 (a)
14 CFR 91.7 (a)
14 CFR 91.9 (b)(2)
14 CFR 91.103 (b)(2)
14 CFR 91.109
14 CFR 91.119 (c)
14 CFR 91.121
14 CFR 91.151 (a)
14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)
14 CFR 91.405 (a)
14 CFR 91.407 (a)(l)
14 CFR 91.409 (a)(l) & (a)(2)
14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b)

14 CFR 21, Subpart H- In consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area
associated with this UAS and its operation, Windy City Drones requests relief from 14 CFR part 21,
Subpart H, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36. The UAS will
carry neither pilot, passenger, explosive materials or flammable liquids.

14 CFR 45.23 (b)- Even though the UAS will have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption may be
needed as the UAS will have no entrance to the cabin, cockpit or pilot station on which the word
"Experimental" can be placed. Given the size of the UAS, two-inch lettering will be impossible. The
word "Experimental" will be placed on the fuselage in compliance with §45.29 (f). The equivalent
level of safety will be provided by having the UAS marked on its fuselage as required by §45.29 (f)
where the pilot, observer and others working with the UAS will see the identification of the UAS as
"Experimental."

14 CFR 61.113 (a) & (b) & 14 CFR 61.133 (a)- Since the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers
Windy City Drones requests a relief from these regulations. Any pilot in command or (PIC) operating
the UAS will hold a Sport Pilot (or greater) certificate. A visual observer or (VO) will be utilized and
required to communicate verbally at all times. The UAS will be limited to operations within visual
distance of both the PIC and VO. All UAS operations will take place in a controlled area. The risks
associated with the use of a UAS are far less than similar commercial aircraft operations.

14 CFR 91.7 (a)- Since the UAS will not carry a pilot or passengers there will be no airworthiness
certificate issued for the aircraft, should this exemption be granted, no FAA regulatory standard exists
for determining airworthiness. Given the size of the aircraft, maintenance, and use of safety checklist
prior to each flight, an equivalent level of safety will be provided. All flights will be in accordance
with the safety and maintenance recommendations found in the DJI Phantom attachments.

14 CFR 91.9 (b)(2)- Given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry a flight manual
on the aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot on board to adequately carry a flight manual. An
equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground station where
the UAS pilot will have immediate access to it.

14 CFR 91.103 (b)(2) -As no FAA approved flight manuals will be provided for the aircraft an
exemption is needed. Alternate procedures including but not limited to reviewing weather conditions,
checking flight battery requirements, checking takeoff and landing distances along with those found in
the attached "DJI Pilot Training" will be implemented. These actions will provide an equivalent or
higher level of safety.

14 CFR 91.109- UAS and remotely piloted aircraft do not have fully functional dual controls. Flight
control is achieved through the use of a control box that communicates with the aircraft via radio
communications. An equivalent level of safety will be achieved using the real time ground station data
and given the UAS will carry neither a pilot or passengers.

14 CFR 91.119 (c)- The UAS will never be operated at an altitude higher than 400 feetAGL. The
UAS will operate in safe areas away from public and traffic and only with permission of the property
and structure owners. The UAS will also be restricted by the flight controller to a maximum vertical
height of 400 feet AGL, and 1500 feet horizontal. Given the size, weight, maneuverability and speed
of the UAS, an equivalent or higher level of safety will be achieved.

14 CFR 91.121- As the UAS may not have a barometric altimeter, but instead a GPS barometric
sensor for altitude information an exemption may be required. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved using a ground station which links to a telemetry data link. This will provide the pilot with
live flight data monitoring, confirming the altitude of the launch site shown on the GPS altitude
indicator prior to flight.

14 CFR 91.151 (a)- The UAS has a limited range and will be limited to operations in a controlled
environment. The battery power the UAS provides approximately 23 minutes of flight time. The UAS
is unable to meet the 30 minute reserve requirement and therefore requires an exemption. An
equivalent level of safety will be achieved by monitoring the battery through the ground station and
landing with a minimum of 30 percent battery power remaining.

14 CFR 91.203 (a) & (b)- Given the size and configuration, the UAS has no ability to carry a flight
manual on the aircraft. There is no room, capacity, or pilot on board to adequately carry a flight
manual. An equivalent level of safety will be maintained by keeping the flight manual at the ground
station where the UAS pilot will have immediate access to it.

Given the following sections only apply to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate, these sections do
not apply to this applicant. As a safety precaution, the operator will perform preflight inspections and
ensure UAS is in working condition before initiating each flight:

         14 CFR 91.405 (a)
         14 CFR 91.407 (a)(1)
         14 CFR 91.409 (a)(l) & (a)(2)
         14 CFR 91.417 (a) & (b)

Equivalent Level of Safety

In addition to the safety standards mentioned above the UAS will adhere to the following additional
guidelines:

    1. The UAS will not be operated within 5 miles of an airport unless prior contact to Air Traffic
         Control has been established.

    2. Flights will not exceed the an airspeed of 36 mph (31.3 knots)
    3. Flights will be operated at or below an altitude never exceeding 400 feet AGL.
    4. The PIC and VO will communicate verbally at all times.
    5. UAS operations will not be conducted during night.
    6. All operations will be conducted under visual meteorological conditions.
    7. The UAS will land with a minimum 30 percent battery reserve remaining.
    8. The UAS will only be piloted within visual line of sight.
    9. The UAS will utilize an internal flight safety feature that will return to a preprogrammed

         position and land if communication with the remote control is lost.
     10. Preflight inspections and protocol will be followed prior to all operations.
     11. The UAS will abort flight in the event of unpredictable obstacles or emergencies.

Public Interest

         We believe the use of a UAS in lieu of a manned aircraft would enhance safety and reduce the
environmental impact compared to similar operations conducted with a manned aircraft carrying a crew
and flammable fuel.

          The inspections of cellular communication towers or similar structures will eliminate the risks
associated with persons attempting to climb these structures. The photographs and video collected will
provide engineers with valuable information as to the safety of these structures.

         The use of a UAS in the real estate industry provides both the buyer and seller with a higher
level of marketing and service. The UAS is able to provide a view which encompasses the entire
property in a single photo or short video clip. When compared to similar operations, utilizing a UAS
poses much less of a safety concern for the general public with less fuel, time, noise and other
resources.

Privacy

All flights will occur over private or controlled areas with the owner's consent. Capturing people in
images will rarely occur. If a person is captured in a collected image they will have consented prior to
filming or otherwise have agreed to being in the area prior to the filming taking place.

Ryan A overman
President
··<

         PHANTOM 3

                                  ( PROFESS/Of'JAL )

                      User Manual

                                         2015.04

        c!J·
Using this manual

0 Warning  & Important           '\): Hints and Tips 1iiiJ Reference

~~~d4.·~~tQr~~;ttiEj}f:J,ij$~,t:lfgbtc':

Read the following documents before using the Phantom 3 Professional:

1.1ntheBox
2. Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
3. Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide
4. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Safety Guidelines and Disclaimer
5. Phantom 3 ProfessionalI Advanced Intelligent Flight Battery Safety Guidelines

We recommend that you watch all tutorial videos on the official DJI website and read the Disclaimer
before you fly. Prepare for your first flight by reviewing the Phantom 3 Professional Quick Start Guide and
refer to the User Manual for more detailed information.

Please watch the tutorial videos at the link below, which demonstrates how to use Phantom 3 Professional
safely:

http://www.dji.com/product/phantom-3/video

Download and install the DJI Pilot app before using the aircraft. Scan the QR code to the right

to download the latest version.                                                                  [!]

The Android version of the OJI Pilot app is compatible with Android 4.1.2 or later.              :a·

The iOS version of the DJI Pilot app is compatible with iOS 8.0 or later.
Contents                                                           2
                                                                   2
                   Using this manual                               2
                          Legends                                  2
                          Read Before the First Flight
                          Video Tutorials                          6
                          Download the DJI Pilot app               6
                                                                   7
                   Product Profile                                 8
                          Introduction                             8
                          Feature Highlights
                          Preparing the Aircraft                  11
                          Aircraft Diagram                        11
                          Remote Controller Diagram               11
                                                                  12
                   Aircraft                                       12
                          Flight Controller                       13
                          Flight Mode                             14
                          Flight Status Indicator                 14
                          Return-to-Home (RTH)                    16
                          SmartRTH                                16
                          Low Battery RTH                         17
                          FailsafeRTH
                          Vision Positioning System               23
                          Flight Recorder                         23
                          Attaching and Detaching the Propellers  27
                          DJI Intelligent Flight Battery          28
                                                                  29
                   Remote Controller
                          Remote Controller Profile
                          Using the Remote Controller
                          Remote Controller Status LED
                          Linking the Remote Controller
                          Remote Controller Compliance Version
Camera and Gimbal                            31
                                             32
      Camera Profile
      Gimbal                                 35
                                             38
DJIPIIotApp                                  38
      Camera                                 38
      Director
      Store                                  40
      Discovery                              40
                                             44
Flight                                       44
      Flight Environment Requirements        45
      Flight Umits and No-Fly Zones          46
      Preflight Checklist                    46
      Calibrating the Compass
      Auto Takeoff and Auto Landing          53
      Flight Test                            55
      Starting/Stopping the Motors           56

Troubleshooting (FAQ)

Appendix
      Specifications
      Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC)
      FCC Compliance
Product Profile

This section introduces the Phantom 3
Professional and lists the components of
the aircraft and remote controller.
Product Profile

The Phantom 3 Professional represents the next generation of OJI quadcopters. It is capable of capturing
4K video and transmitting an HD video signal out of the box. The built-in camera has an integrated gimbal
to maximize stability while minimizing both weight and size. Even when no GPS signal is available, the
Vision Positioning System allows the aircraft to hover accurately in place.

~~~!I~~i~!~l}Jlg,ht$·

Camera and Gimbal: With the Phantom 3 Professional, you're shooting 4K video at up to 30 frames per
second and capturing 12 megapixel photos that look crisper and cleaner than ever. An enhanced sensor
gives you greater clarity, lower noise, and better pictures than any previous flying camera.

HD VIdeo Downlink: The low-latency long range HD downlink is powered by an enhanced version of DJI
Lightbridge.

DJI lnteUigent Flight Battery: The 4480 mAh DJI Intelligent Right Battery features upgraded battery cells
and an advanced power management system.

Flight Controller: The next-generation flight controller has been updated to provide a safer, more reliable
flight experience. A newly implemented flight recorder stores critical data from each flight and the Vision
Positioning System enhances hovering precision when flying indoors or in environments where GPS is
unavailable.
                                                                                      Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

~~~:ij~~~~~J'~J}.' ?:,r .·· '

Removing Gimbal Clamp
Remove the gimbal clamp by sliding it to the right (when facing the nose of the aircraft), as shown below.

Attaching the Propellers:
Mount the propellers with black dots on to motors with black axes and spin counter-clockwise to secure.
Mount the propellers with sliver dots on to motors with sliver axes and spin clockwise to secure. Be sure
all propellers are securely in place.

 & Place all propellers onto the correct motors and tighten by hand to lock them in position.

Preparing the Remote Controller:
The mobile device holder is designed for securing tablet or mobile device. Tilt the mobile device holder to
the desired position, then adjust the antennas so they are facing outward.
1. Press the button on the top right side of the mobile device holder to release the clamp, then adjust the

   clamp to fit the size of your mobile device.
2. Secure your mobile device in the clamp by pressing down, and connect your mobile device to the

   remote controller using a USB cable.
3. Plug one end of the cable into the mobile device, and the other end into the USB port on the back of

   the remote controller.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

                                      -·[1]~---------------                               [1] GPS
                                                                                          [2] Propeller
  =~~~~b====s~::::o-""--"""--- -- [2]                                                     [3] Motor
                                                                                     [3]  [4] Front LED Indicator
                                                      ------------ [4]                    [5] Landing gear
r:·                                                                                       [6] Gimbal and Camera
                                                                                          [7] Aircraft Micro-USB Port
t';                                                                                       [8] Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                                                          [9] Intelligent Flight Battery
tC.J-----·---·---                   .. - - -- ------- [5]                                 [10] Vision Positioning Sensors
                                                                                          [11] Antennas
                                    ·------------ [10]                                    [12] Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
                                                                                          [13] Camera Micro-USB Port
                                    ·- --------------- [12]                               [14] Link Button

[8] ___ -                                            --- [3]                              [1) Antennas
[7] -----                                                -·-[4]                               Relays aircraft control and
                                                                                              video signal.
[6] ----                            - - - - - - - - [5]
                                                                                          [2) Mobile Device Holder
                                                                                              Securely mounts your mobile
                                                                                              device to the remote controller.

                                                                                          [3] Control Stick
                                                                                              Controls the orientation and
                                                                                             movement of the aircraft.

                                                                                          [4) Return Home (RTH) Button
                                                                                              Press and hold the button to
                                                                                              initiate Return to Home (RTH).
[5] Battery Level LEDs                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
    Displays the battery level of the remote
    controller.                                                [15] [16]

[6] Status LED
    Displays the remote controller's system status.

[7] Power Button
    Used to turn the remote controller on and off.

[8] RTH LED
    Circular LED around the RTH button displays
    RTHstatus.

[9] Camera Settings Dial                             [14] ---[9]
                                                     [13] --[10)
     Turn the dial to adjust camera settings.
     (Only functions when the remote controller is   [12]
     connected to a mobile device running the DJI
     Pilotapp.)                                      [14] Gimbal Dial
                                                           Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.
[1 0] Playback Button
                                                     [15] Mircro-USB Port
     Playback the captured images or videos.              Connect to a SD card reader to upgrade the
     (Only functions when the remote controller is        firmware.
     connected to a mobile device running the DJI
     Pilotapp.)                                      [16] USB Port
                                                           Connect to mobile device or to a USB port for
[11] Shutter Button                                        firmware upgrade.

     Press to take a photo. If burst mode is
     selected, the set number of photos will be
     taken with one press.

[12] Flight Mode Switch

     Switch between P-mode, A-mode, and
     F-mode.

[13] Video Recording Button

     Press to start recording video. Press again to
     stop recording.

[17] C1 Button                                       [13) -------- -                   -[171
     Customizable through the DJI Pilot app.
                                                                      0
[18] C2 Button
     Customizable through the DJI Pilot app.

[19] Power Port
     Connect to the DJI Phantom 3 Charger to
     charge the battery of the remote controller.
Aircraft

This section introduces the features of
the Flight Controller, Vision Positioning
System, and the Intelligent Flight Battery
Aircraft

The Phantom 3 Professional's flight controller features several important upgrades, including a new flight
mode. Safety modes include Failsafe and Return-to-Home. These features ensure the safe return of your
aircraft if the control signal is lost. The flight controller can also save critical flight data from each flight
to the on-board storage device. The new flight controller also provides increased stability and a new air
braking feature.

Three flight modes are available. The details of each flight mode are found below:
P-mode (Positioning) : P-mode works best when GPS signal is strong. There are three different states
of P-mode, which will be automatically selected by the Phantom 3 Professional depending on signal
strength of GPS and Vision Positioning sensors :

     P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available. The aircraft is using GPS for positioning.
     P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but the GPS signal strength is not sufficient. The aircraft is

               using only the Vision Positioning System for positioning.
     P-ATII: Neither GPS nor Vision Positioning is available. The aircraft is using only its barometer for

               positioning, so only altitude can be stabilized.
A-mode (Attitude): GPS and Vision Positioning System are not used for stabilization. The aircraft only uses
its barometer. The aircraft can still automatically return to the home point if the control signal is lost and
the Home Point was recorded successfully.
F-mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information
about IOC, refer to the IOC section in the Appendix.

 '(): Use the Flight Controller mode switch to change the flight mode of the aircraft, refer to the "Flight
         Mode Switch" on Page 26 for more information.

The Phantom 3 Professional has Front LEOs and Aircraft Status Indicators. The positions of these LEOs
are shown in the figure below:

           Aircraft Status Indicator

Front LED

The Front LEOs show the orientation of the aircraft. The Front LEOs glow solid red when the aircraft is
turned on to indicate the front (or nose) of the aircraft. The Aircraft Status Indicators communicate the
system status of the flight controller. Refer to the table below for more information about the Aircraft Status
Indicators:
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

·J~ormal                                                 Turning On and Self Diagnostic Testing

 ·R· 'G· .y ······ Red, Green and Yellow Flash           Warming Up
 Alternatively                                           Safe to Ry (P-mode with GPS and Vision
 \i:4· ('('; ······ Green and Yellow Rash Alternatively  Positioning)
                                                         Safe to Fly (P-mode with Vision Positioning but
 G ······Green Rashes Slowly                             wlthoutGPS)
                                                         Safe to Fly (A-mode but No GPS and Vision
 ·drX2 ······Green Rashes Twice                          Positioning)

 x ·.. ·.. Yellow Rashes Slowly                          Remote Controller's Signal Lost
                                                         Low Battery Warning
Warning                                                  Critical Battery Warning
                                                         IMU Error
 ·Y: ...... Fast Yellow Rashing                          Critical Error
                                                         Compass Calibration Required
 '·~' ······Slow Red Flashing
 ·Fl ····· ·Fast Red Rashing
 .\R· ······Red Flashing Alternatively
  R· -Solid Red

·iF(! ;yy ······Red and Yellow Rash Alternatively

The Return-to-Horne (RTH) function brings the aircraft back to the last recorded Horne Point. There are
three types of RTH procedures: Smart RTH, Low Battery RTH, and Failsafe RTH. This section describes
these three scenarios in detail.

            GPS Description

Home Point                          If a strong GPS signal was acquired before takeoff, the Horne Point

                                    is the location from which the aircraft was launched. The GPS signal

                                    strength is indicated by the GPS icon ( ~.u, ). The aircraft status

                                    indicator will blink rapidly when the horne point is recorded.

Use the RTH button on the remote controller (refer to "RTH button" on page 26 for more information) or
tap the RTH button in the DJI Pilot app and follow the on-screen instructions when GPS is available to ini-
tiate Smart RTH. The aircraft will then automatically return to the last recorded Horne Point. You may use
the remote controller's control sticks to control the aircraft's position to avoid a collision during the Smart
RTH process. Press and hold the Smart RTH button once to start the process, and press the Smart RTH
button again to terminate the procedure and regain full control of the aircraft.

-~--
                                                                    Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

The low battery level failsafe is triggered when the DJI Intelligent Flight Battery is depleted to a point that
may affect the safe return of the aircraft. Users are advised to return home or land the aircraft immediately
when prompted. The DJI Pilot app will display a notice when a low battery warning is triggered. The
aircraft will automatically return to the Horne Point if no action is taken after a ten-second countdown. The
user can cancel the RTH procedure by pressing the RTH button on the remote controller. The thresholds
for these warnings are automatically determined based on the aircraft's current altitude and distance from
the Home Point.

The aircraft will land automatically if the current battery level can only support the aircraft long enough
to descend from its current altitude. The user can still use the remote controller to alter the aircraft's
orientation during the landing process.

The Battery Level Indicator is displayed in the DJI Pilot app, and is described below:

               Critical Low battery level       Sufflclent battery
               warning(Red)                     level( Green)

                j _ T .Low batter/                                  Remaining flight time
                                     level warn>!(YeUow)
                                                                        1

                                           Power requires
                                           to return horne

                                           Battery level Indicator

eattery Level.  Remark                     Aircraft Status          DJI Pilot app             Flight Instructions
                                             Indicator
  Wsrning

Low battery     The battery                Aircraft status   Tap "Go-home" to have the        Fly the aircraft
level warning   power is low.              indicator blinks  aircraft return to the Home      back and land
                Please land the            RED slowly.       point and land automatically,    it as soon as
                aircraft.                                    or "Cancel" to resune normal     possible, then
                                                             flight. If no action is taken,   stop the motors
                                                             the aircraft will automatically  and replace the
                                                             go home and land after 10        battery.
                                                             seconds. Remote controller
                                                             will sound an alarm.

Critical Low    The aircraft               Aircraft status   The DJI Pilot app display will   Allow the aircraft to
battery level   must land                  indicator blinks  flash red and the aircraft will  descend and land
warning         immediately.               RED quickly.      start to descend. The remote     automatically.
                                                             controller will sound an alarm.
Estimated
remaining       Estimated                  N/A                      N!A                       N/A
flight time     remaining flight
                based on current
                battery level.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 :\;/: · When Critical battery level warning is triggered and the aircraft begins to land automatically,
          you may push the throttle upward to make the aircraft hover at its current altitude, giving you an
         opportunity to navigate to a more appropriate landing location.

        · The colored zones and markers on the battery level indicator bar reflect the estimated
          remaining flight time. They are automatically adjusted according to the aircraft's current location
          and status.

If the Home Point was successfully recorded and the compass is functioning normally, Failsafe RTH will
be automatically activated if the remote controller signal is lost for more than three seconds. The Return-
to-Horne process may be interrupted and the operator may regain control of the aircraft if the remote
controller signal connection is re-established.

Failsafe Illustration               2 Confirming Home Point         3 Remote Controller Signal Lost
1 Record Horne Point                                  ~~ollll

                                    @

Blinking Green                      Blinking Green                  Fast Blinking Yellow

4 Signal Lost Lasts (after 3 sec.)  5 RTH (adi.Jstable altitlK:Ie)  J6 Lardrg (after l'x:lvetirg for 5 sees) J

Fast Blinking Yellow                                                r;xJ  T... '
                                                                             @

                                    Fast Blinking Y!J-'IIo'-w________ Fast Blinking Yellow

,&. · The aircraft cannot avoid obstruction during the Failsafe RTH, therefore, it is important to set an

         suitable Failsafe altitude before each flight. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter "Camera" and
         select "MODE > Advanced Settings > Failsafe mode" to set the Failsafe altitude.
       · The aircraft will stop its ascent and return to the Horne Point immediately if the throttle stick is
         moved during the Failsafe RTH procedure.

The DJI Vision Positioning System uses ultrasound and image data to help the aircraft maintain its current
position. With the help of Vision Positioning, your Phantom 3 Professional can hover in place more precisely
and fly indoors or in other environments where a GPS signal is not available. The main components of the
Vision Positioning System are located on the bottom of your Phantom 3 Professional; they include [2] two
ultrasonic sensors and [1] one monocular camera.
                                                                                                Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Using Vision Positioning
Vision Positioning is activated automatically when the Phantom 3 Professional is turned on. No
further action is required. Vision Positioning is typically used in indoor environments, where GPS
is unavailable. Using the sensors that are built into the Vision Positioning system, the Phantom 3
Professional can hover precisely even without GPS.

Follow the steps below to use Vision Positioning:                                           e

1. Toggle the flight mode switch toP-mode.                                                    '·'

2. Place the aircraft on a flat surface. Note that the Vision Positioning system cannot work

properly on surfaces without clear pattern variations.

3. Turn on the aircraft. The aircraft status indicator will flash green two times, which indicates the Vision

Positioning system is ready. Gently push the throttle up to lift off and the aircraft will hover in place.

& The performance of your Vision Positioning System is affected by the surface over which it is

       flying. The ultrasonic sensors may not be able to accurately measure distances when operating
       above sound-absorbing materials. In addition, the camera may not function correctly in
       suboptimai environments. The aircraft will switch from P-mode to A-mode automatically if neither
       GPS nor Vision Positioning System are available. Operate the aircraft with great caution in the
       following situations:
       · Flying over monochrome surfaces (e.g. pure black, pure white, pure red, pure green).
       · Flying over a highly reflective surfaces.
       · Rying at high speeds(over 8 m/s at 2 meters or over 4 rn's at 1 meter).
       · Flying over water or transparent surfaces.
       · Rying over moving surfaces or objects.
       · Flying in an area where the lighting changes frequently or drastically.
       · Flying over extremely dark (lux< 10) or bright (lux> 100,000) surfaces.
       · Flying over surfaces that can absorb sound waves (e.g. thick carpet).
       · Flying over surfaces without clear patterns or texture.
       · Flying over surfaces with identical repeating patterns or textures (e.g. tiles with the same design).
       · Flying over inclined surfaces that will deflect sound waves away from the aircraft.

'\}: · Keep the sensors clean at all times. Dirt or other debris may adversely affect the effectiveness
         of the sensors.

       · Vision Positioning is only effective when the aircraft is at altitudes of 0.3 to 3 meters.
       · The Vision Positioning System may not function properly when the aircraft is flying over water.
       · The Vision Positioning System may not be able to recognize pattern on the ground in low light

          conditions (less than 100 lux).
       · Do not use other ultrasonic devices with frequency of 40 KHz when Vision Positioning system is

          in operation.
       · Vision Positioning System may not be able to stabilize the aircraft when flying close to the

          ground (below 0.5 meters) at fast speeds..
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

0 Keep the animals away from the aircraft when Vision Positioning system is activated. The sonar

        sensor emits high frequency sounds that are only audible to some animals.

Flight data is automatically recorded to the internal storage of the aircraft. This includes flight
telemetry, aircraft status information, and other parameters. To access these data, connect the
aircraft to the PC through the Micro-USB port and launch the DJI Pilot app.

Use only DJI approved propellers with your Phantom 3 Professional. The grey and black nuts on
the propeller indicate where they should be attached and in which direction whey should spin. To
attach the propellers properly, match the nut color with the motor axis color.

Propellers  Silver Dot               Blaf::k Dot

Figure      Motors with a grey axes  Motors with a black axes
Attach On
            El'l Lock : Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to mount and tighten.
Legends     'b'l Unlock: Turn the propellers in the indicated direction to loosen and remove.

Attaching the Propellers

1. Be sure to remove the warning stickers from the motors before attaching the propellers.
2. Attach the propellers with silver dots onto the motors with silver axes and spin the propellers clockwise

   to secure them in place. Attach the propellers with black dots onto the motors with black axes and spin
   the propellers oounter-clockwise to secure them in place. Be sure to tighten each propeller by hand
   before flight.
                                                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

 & ·Ensure propellers are attached to its corresponding motors, otherwise the aircraft cannot take off.

         · Wear gloves when handling propellers.
         · Hand tighten each of the propellers on the corresponding motors to ensure it is attached firmly.

Detaching the Propellers

Hold the motor in place with one hand, then spin the propeller in the indicated unlock direction.

 & · Check that the propellers and motors are installed correctly and firmly before every flight.

         · Ensure that all propellers are in good condition before each flight. DO NOT use aged, chipped,
           or broken propellers.

         · To avoid injury, STAND CLEAR of and DO NOTtouch propellers or motors when they are spinning.
         · ONLY use original DJI propellers for a better and safer flight experience.

The DJI Intelligent Flight Battery has a capacity of 4480 mAh, a voltage of 15.2 V, and a smart charge/
discharge functionality. It should only be charged using an appropriate charger that has been approved
byDJI.

                                              Intelligent Flrght Battery

         The Intelligent Flight Battery must be fully charged before using it for the first time. Refer to
         'Charging the Intelligent Right Battery' for more information.

 :·iv'V·. Be aware that the output power of the supplied Phantom 3 Professional charger is 100W.

DJllntelligent Flight Battery Functions
1. Battery Level Display: the LED indicators display the current battery level.
2. Battery Life Display: the LEDs display the current battery power cycle.
3. Auto-Discharging Function: To prevent swelling, the battery automatically discharges to below 65% of

   total power when it is idle for more than ten days. It takes around two days to discharge the battery to
   65%. It is normal to feel moderate heat being emitted from the battery during the discharge process.
   Discharge thresholds can be set in the DJI Piiot app.
4. Balanced Charging: Automatically balances the voltage of each battery cell when charging.
5. Overcharge Protection: Charging automatically stops when the battery is fully charged.
6. Temperature Detection: The battery will only charge when the temperature is between OOC (32°F} and
   400C (104°F).
7. Over Current Protection: The battery stops charging when high amperage (more than 8 A) is detected.
8. Over Discharge Protection: To prevent over-discharge damage, discharging automatically stops when
   the battery voltage reaches 12 V.
9. Short Circuit Protection: Automatically cuts the power supply when a short circuit is detected.
       Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       10. Battery Cell Damage Protection: The DJI Pilot app displays a warning message when a damaged
            battery cell is detected.

       11. Battery Error History: Browse the battery error history in the DJI Pilot app.
       12. Sleep Mode: To save power, the battery enters sleep mode after 20 minutes of inactivity.
       13. Communication: Information pertaining to the battery's voltage, capacity, current, etc. is transmitted to

           the aircraft's main controller.

     & Refer to Phantom 3 Professional/Advanced Intelligent Right Battery Safety Guidelines before

               use. Users take full responsibiHty for all operations and usage.

a·)> Using the Battery

~

                                                                                                  Power Button (Buiit-in LED)

      Turning ON/OFF
      Turning On: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn on. The

                       Power LED will turn red and the Battery Level Indicators will display the current battery level.
      Turning Off: Press the Power Button once, then press again and hold for 2 seconds to turn off. The

                       battery power LED will flash when powering off the Phantom to allow automatically stopping
                      of a recording during the event recording wasn't stopped.

      Low Temperature Notice:
      1. Battery capacity is significantly reduced when flying in low temperature (< 0°C) environments.
      2. It is not recommended that the battery be used in extremely low temperature (< -1 0°C) environments.

          Battery voltage should reach the appropriate level when operating environment with temperatures

       between -1 ooc and 5°C.

      3. End the flight as soon as the DJI Pilot app displays the "Low Battery Level Warning" in low temperature
          environments.

      4. Keep the battery indoors to warm it before flying in low temperature environments.
      5. To ensure optimal performance of the battery, keep the battery temperature above 20°C.
      6. The charger will stop charging the battery if the battery cell's temperature is not within the operating

          range (OOC - 40°C ).

     & In cold environments, insert the battery into the battery compartment and allow the aircraft for

               approximately 1-2 minutes to warm up before taking off.

      Checking the Battery Level
      The Battery Level Indicators display how much power remains. When the battery is turned off, press
      the Power Button once. The Battery Level Indicators will light up to display the current battery level. See
      below for details.
                                                Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

EEl The Battery Level Indicators will also show the current battery level during charging and

discharging. The indicators are defined below.

0 :LED is on.        D:LED is flashing.
0 :LED is off.

Battery level

LE01           LE02  LEOS  LE04                 Battery Level
                                                87.5%-100%
0000                                            75%-87.5%
                                                62.5%-75%
0 0 0 11                                        50%-62.5%
                                                37.5%-50%
0000                                            25%-37.5%
                                                12.5%-25%
0 0 ill 0                                        0%-12.5%

00 00                                                =()%

0 Jl                 00

00 00

11 0 0 0

00 00

Battery life

Battery life refers to how many more times the battery can be discharged and recharged before it must
be replaced. When the battery is turned off, press and hold the Power Button for 5 seconds to check the
battery life. The Battery Level Indicators will light up and/or blink for two seconds, as shown below:

Battery Life

LE01           LE02  LEOS  LE04                 Battery Ufe
                                                90%-100%
0000                                            80%-90%
                                                70%-80%
0 0 0 nr                                        80%-70%
                                                50%-60%
0000                                            40%-50%
                                                30%-40%
0 0 ~:a 0                                       20%-30%
                                                below20%
0000

0n0 0

00 0 0

n0 0 0

0000

Lt When battery life reaches 0%, it can no longer be used.

EEl For more information about the battery, launch the OJI Pilot app and check the information that is

       listed under the battery tab.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Charging the Intelligent Right Battery
1. Connect the Battery Charger to a power source (1 00-240 V 50/60 Hz).
2. Open the Protection Cap and connect the Intelligent Right Battery to the Battery Charger. If the battery

   level is above 95%, turn on the battery before charging.
3. The Battery Level indicator will display the current battery level as it is charging.
4. The Intelligent Flight Battery is fully charged when the Battery Level Indicators are all off.
5. Air-cool the Intelligent Flight Battery after each flight. Allow its temperature to drop to room temperature

  before storing it for an extended period.

 .1}. · We do not recommend charging the Intelligent Flight Battery and remote controller with the
         standard charger at the same time, otherwise the charger may overheat.

        · Always turn off the battery before inserting it or removing it from the Phantom 3 Professional.
           Never insert or remcve a battery when it is turned on.

      Intelligent Flight Battery                Charger           Power Outlet

Battery Level Indicators While Charging

LED1        LED2                  LED3    LED4                    Battery Level
no o                                                                0%-25%
n :a                              o        0                       25%-50%
:ri n n                                                             50%-75%
'li' ,)'[ !i'                              0                       75%-100%

~~ ~ ~                                     0                      Fully Charged

0 00                                      n

                                            0

Battery Protection LED Display
The table below shows battery protection mechanisms and corresponding LED patterns.

Battery Level Indicators whilE! Charging

LED1  LED2  LED3  LED4 Blinking Pattern                           Battery Protection Item

 0     u     0                    0 LED2 blinks twice per second  Over current detected
 0           0
 0    n                           0 LED2 blinks three times per second Short circuit detected
 0          u
 0     0                          0 LED3 blinks twice per second  Over charge detected.
 0           u
       0                          0 LED3 blinks three times per second Over-voltage charger detected
             0
       0     0                    n LED4 blinks twice per second  Charging temperature is too low

       0                          n LED4 blinks three times per second Charging temperature is too high
                                                                                     Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

After these issues are resolved, press the Power Button to tum off the Battery Level Indicator. Unplug the
Intelligent Right Battery from the charger and plug it back in to resume charging. Note that you do not
need to unplug and plug in the charger in the event of a roorn temperature error; the charger will resume
charging when the temperature is within the allowable range.

 & DJI does not take any responsibility for damage caused by third-party chargers.

 '~' How to discharge your Intelligent Flight Battery:
        Slow : Place the Intelligent Right Battery into the Phantom 3 Professional's Battery Compartment
        and tum it on. Leave it on until there is less than 8% of power left, or until the battery can no
        longer be turned on. Launch the DJI Pilot app to check battery levels.
        Rapid : Fly the Phantom 3 Professional outdoors until there is less than 8% of power left, or until
        the battery can no longer be turned on.
Remote Controller

This section describes the features
of the remote controller and includes
instructions for controlling the aircraft
and the camera.
Remote Controller

··a~~~::p~~~~t~r:~r:~~~1.·~··.

The Phantom 3 Professional remote controller is a multi-function wireless communication device that
integrates the video downlink system and aircraft remote control system. The video downlink and aircraft
remote control system operate at 2.4 GHz. The remote controller features a number of camera control
functions, such as taking and previewing photos and videos, as well as controlling gimbal motion.
The remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery. The battery level is displayed via LED
indicators on the front panel of the remote controller.

~    · Compliance Version: The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC regulations.
q;J

     · Operating Mode: Control can be set to Mode 1or Mode 2, or to a custom mode.

     · Mode 1: The right stick serves as the throttle.

     · Mode 2: The left stick serves as the throttle.

 & To prevent transmission interference, do not operate more than three aircrafts in the same area.

··u~Jhs)t,fl~;·~~~f~:~Q~·~bt~.········.

Turning the Remote Controller On and Off
The Phantom 3 Professional remote controller is powered by a 2S rechargeable battery that has a
capacity of 6000 mAh. The battery level is indicated via the Battery Level LEOs on the front panel. Follow
the steps below to turn on your remote controller:
1. When the remote controller is turned off, press the Power Button once. The Battery Level LEOs will

   display the current battery level.
2. Press and hold the Power Button to turn on the remote controller.
3. The remote controller will beep when it is turned on. The Status LED will rapidly blink green, indicating

   that the remote controller is linking to the aircraft. The Status LEOs will glow solid green when linking is
   complete.
4. Repeat Step 2 to turn off the remote controller.

Charging the Remote Controller

Charge the remote controller using the included charger. Refer to the figure on next page below for more
details.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

            Power Button

Controlling the Camera
Shoot videos/pictures, view recorded images, and adjust camera settings via the Shutter Button, Camera
Settings Dial, Playback Button, and Video Recording Button on the remote controller.

[1] Camera Settings Dial
    Tum the dial to adjust camera settings such as ISO, shutter speed, and aperture without letting go of
    the remote controller. Move the dial to left or right to scroll through pictures and videos in playback
    mode. Press down on the dial to toggle between these settings.

[2] Playback Button
    Press to view images and videos that have already been captured.

[3] Shutter Button
    Press to take a photo. If burst mode is activated, multiple photos will be taken with a single press.

[4] Video Recoding Button
    Press once to start recording video, then press again to stop recording.

[5] Gimbal Dial
    Use this dial to control the tilt of the gimbal.

Controlling Aircraft
This section explains how to control the orientation of the aircraft through the remote controller. The
Remote Control is set to Mode 2 by default.
                      Phantom 3 Professional User lvlanual

Eel Stick Neutral/Mid-Point: Control sticks are in the center position.

       Moving the Control Stick: The control stick is pushed away from the center position.

~~ (!$lndicate~1:: 0-irectiO-~~~~ark-s____

___ - ~------------~ving thel;ft stic~p-and down ch~ges th;

    I aircraft's elevation.

    I Push the stick up to ascend and down to descend.
    I When both sticks are centered, the Phantom 3
    I , Professional will hover in place.

                                 IThe rmre the stick is pushed away from the center

                          Iposition, the faster the Phantom 3 Professional will

                              Ichange elevation. Always push the stick gently

                    to prevent sudden and unexpected elevation

                                                   changes.

       I - - - -1

    ---,---·--------~.

       i! Moving the left stick to the left or right controls the
    !~         ~
                    1 rudder and rotation of the aircraft.
    I          ~'t  II Push the sick left to rotate the aircraft counter-
                     clockwise, push the stick right to rotate the aircraft
    I clockwise. If the stick is centered, the Phantom 3
    I IProfessional will maintain its current orientation.
    I IThe more the stick is pushed away from the center
    1 Iposition, the faster the Phantom 3 Professional will

______j             .-l!ota_te_._ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __

    1[ 1Moving the right stick up and down changes the
1:~ IIiI-~----,-,--·
    I '*'~~         aircraft's forward and backward pitch.
                    Push the stick up to fly forward and down to fly

    1¢         · backward. Phantom 3 Professional will hover in

    I                Iplace if the stick is centered.

                           Push the stick further aw~ from the center posttion for

                                                 a larger pttch angle (maximum 30°) and faster flight.

         -- ·----ir-M-o-ving th~rlgh~iick control left and right changes

    , f the aircraft's left and right pitch.

    ! 1Push left to fly left and right to fly right. The

-!;;ci-~--~--.--------~:i:~:lc:~::~~:rn th;~~;.-[ . IPhantom 3 Professional will hover in place if the
~ the dial to                                                                                an;-the-

y- I l1l1l ·1 camera will shift to point upwards. Turn the
l~
    J       (       1dial to the left, and the camera will shift to point
                    I downwards. The camera will remain In its current
  ~I
------'~--          Iposition when dial is static. _ _ _ _ _ _ __
     Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

     Flight Mode Switch                                            Position1~

     Toggle the switch to select the desired flight mode.
     You may choose between; P-mode, F-mode and A-
     mode.

     Position Figur~     Flight Mode                               Position2g --·---
                                                                   Position3~
     Position 1 C:.:::0    F-mode
     Position2 Gb          A-mode
                           P-mode
     Position3 ~

::0
Cll
     P-mode (Positioning): P-mode works best when the GPS signal is strong. There are three different
g3   versions of P-mode, which will be automatically selected by the Phantom 3 Professional depending on

CD

() GPS signal strength and the Vision Positioning sensors:

;0a P-GPS: GPS and Vision Positioning both are available; the aircraft is using GPS for positioning.

Q. P-OPTI: Vision Positioning is available but a sufficient GPS signal is not available. Aircraft is using

~ only Vision Positioning for position holding.

     P-ATTI: Neither GPS nor Vision Positioning is available, the aircraft is using only its barometer for

     positioning, so only altitude is maintained.

     A-mode (Attitude): GPS and Vision Positioning System are not used for stabilization. The aircraft uses

     only its barometer to stabilize. The aircraft can automatically return to the Home Point if remote controller

     signal is lost and the Home Point was recorded successfully.

     F-mode (Function): Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC) is activated in this mode. For more information

     about IOC, refer to the IOC section in the Appendix.

     By default, the Flight Mode Switch is locked to P-mode. To unlock other flight modes, launch the OJI Pilot

     app, enter the "Camera" page, and tap "Mode", then activate "Multiple Flight Mode".

     RTHButton
     Press and hold the RTH button to start the Return-to-Home (RTH) procedure. The LED ring around the RTH
     Button will blink white to indicate that the aircraft is entering RTH mode. The aircraft will then return to the
     last recorded Home Point. Press this button again to cancel the RTH procedure and regain control of the
     aircraft.
                                                                                   Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Connecting Your Mobile Device
Tilt the mobile device holder to the desired position. Press the button on the side of the mobile device holder
to release the clamp, and then place your mobile device into the cradle. Adjust the clamp down to secure the
mobile device. To connect your mobile device to the remote oontroller using a USB cable, plug one end of
the cable into your mobile device and the other end into the USB port on the back of the remote controller.

Optimal Transmission Range
The transmission signal between the aircraft and the remote oontroller is most reliable within the area that
is depicted in the image below:

                                          Optimal Transmission Range

strong  weak

Ensure that the aircraft is flying within the optimal transmission zone. To achieve the best transmission
performance, maintain the appropriate relationship between the operator and the aircraft.

The Status LED reflects the strength of the connection between the remote controller and the aircraft. The
RTH LED indicates the Return-to-Home status of the aircraft. The table below contains more information
about these indicators.

                                              ~ ·- - - RTH LED

        Status LED -·---·---- - - - · · ····
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Status LED                           Alarm    Remote Controller Status
·R -Solid Red                                 The remote controller is disconnected from the aircraft
·~ -Solid Green                      I Chime  The remote controller is connected to the aircraft.
                                     1 Chime

R .... ··Slow Blinking Red 0-D-0......        Remote controller error.

cj:{ ·G: {iP.; iy\ ......            None     HO downlink is disrupted.
Red and Green/ Red and
Yellow Alternate Blinks              Sound    Remote Controller Status
                                              Aircraft is returning horne.
RTH LED                              I Chime  Sending Return-to-Home command to the aircraft.
                                              Return-to-Home procedure in progress.
iN -Solid White

,~, ...... Blinking White            Ooo·

w ...... Blinking White              00"""

& The Remote Status Indicator will blink red arid sound an alert, when the battery level is critically low.

~i!11d1'li~~;~~J!l?t~;~n~oli~r· ,. . . · .,... ;t·.··· · . , ..

The remote controller is linked to your aircraft before delivery. Linking Is only required when using a new
remote controller for the first time. Follow these steps to link a new remote controller:

1. Turn on the remote controller and connect to the mobile device. Launch the OJI Pilot app.
2. Turn on the Intelligent Flight Battery.

3. Enter "Camera" arid tap on Ill' ,1111 and then tap "Linking RC" button as shown below.

                           RC Calibration     >
                           Stick Mode         >

                 Default stick mode is Mode 2, changing stick modes alters the way the aircraft is controlled.
                 Do not change unless familiar with your new mode.

                           C1 1~--~N~o~t~De~fi~tn~ed~--~ C2 1'-----'N-"o"'t-=D,;;.efi"'tn;,:;e,;;.d__--'

                                              You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                                              oftheRC.

28 ''i!';DJ; '··!\1-hj~·<:- F';c·''
                                                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

4. The remote controller is ready to link. The Remote Controller Status Indicator blinks blue and a beep is
   emitted.

RC Calibration                                                              >

 Stick Mode                  Searching lor akcralt frequency,                  >
                                  timeout in 54 seconds
DetauIt stick mode is M                                            the aircraft is control!ed.
Donot change unless f    Press the linking button on the aircraft
                               to link this remote controller      Defined  J
C1 I NotD
                                      Cancel

                         You can customize the C1 and C2 buttons on the back
                         of the RC.

5. Locate the linking button on the side of the aircraft, as shown in the figure below. Press the link button
   to start linking. The Remote Controller Status Indicator LED will display a solid green once the remote
   controller is successfully linked to the aircraft.

                                                                                                                          Link Button

Lt. · The remote controller will un-link itself from an aircraft if a new remote controller is linked to the

           same aircraft.

a~~bi o9.titrolJ~COt1'll)tJ~)l~r$i~r:r

The remote controller is compliant with both CE and FCC requirements.
Camera and Gimbal

This section provides the technical
specifications of the camera and
explains the gimbal's operation modes.
Camera and Gimbal

The on-board camera uses the 1/2.3 inch CMOS sensorto capture video (up to 4096x2160p at 24fps or
4K at up to 30fps with the Phantom 3 Professional) and 12 megapixel stills. You may choose to record
the video in either MOV or MP4 format. Available picture shooting modes include burst, continuous, and
time-lapse mode. A live preview of what the camera sees can be monitored on the connected mobile
device via the DJI Pilot app.
Camera Micro-SO Card Slot
To store your photos and videos, insert the Micro-SO card into the slot, as shown below, before
turning on the Phantom 3 Professional. The Phantom 3 Professional comes with a 16 GB Micro-SO
card and supports Micro-SO cards up to 64GB. A UHS-1 Micro-SO card is recommended due to
their fast read and write speeds allowing you to save high-resolution video data.

 0 Do not remove the Micro-SO card from the Phantom 3 Professional when it is turned on.

Camera Data Port
Turn on the Phantom 3 Professional and connect a USB cable to the Camera Data Port to download
photos and videos to your computer.

                                        . ----

 Lb. The aircraft must be turned on before attempting to access the files on the Micro-SO card.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual
Camera Operation
Use the Shutter and Video Recording buttons on the remote controller to shoot the images or videos
through the DJI Pilot app. For more information about how to use these buttons, refer to "Controlling the
Camera Page 24".

Gimbal Profile
The 3-axis gimbal provides a steady platform for the attached camera, allowing you to capture clear,
stable images and video. The gimbal can tilt the camera within a 120· range.

Use the gimbal dial on the remote controller to control the tilt movement of the camera.
Gimbal Operation Modes
Two gimbal operation modes are available. Switch between the different operation modes on the camera
settings page of the DJI Pilot app. Note that your mobile device must be connected to the remote
controller for changes to take effect. Refer to the table below for details:

                  Follow Mode The angle between gimbal's orientation and aircraft's nose remains
                                    constant at all times.
                                    The gimbal will synchronize with the movement of the aircraft to provide a

                   FPVMode first-person perspective flying experience.

 Lf:, · A gimbal motor error may occur in these situations: (1) the aircraft is placed on uneven ground

           or the gimbal's motion is obstructed (2) the gimbal has been subjected to an excessive
           external force, such as a collision. Please take off from flat, open ground and protect the gimbal
           at all times.
         · Flying in heavy fog or clouds may make the gimbal wet, leading to temporary failure. The
           gimbal will recover full functionality after it dries.
                                                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Anti-Drop Kit
The anti-drop kit helps keep the gimbal and camera connected to the aircraft. Two pins have been
mounted prior to shipping. If new or additional pins are required, see the diagram below. Press Part

(j) through the hole of the vibration absorber and into the center hole of Part ® , then lock them together

as shown®. Mounting the anti-drop kit pins diagonally from each other is recommended.
DJIPilotApp

This section introduces the four main
functions of the DJI Pilot app.
DJIPilotApp

The DJI Pilot app is a mobile application designed specifically for the Phantom 3 Professional. Use this
app to control the gimbal, camera, and other aircraft functions. The app also features Map, Academy,
and User Center, which are used for configuring your aircraft and sharing your photos and videos with
others. It is recommended that you use a tablet for the best experience.

United States

Mountain View

               DIRECTOR             DISCOVERY

The Camera page contains a live HD video feed from the Phantom 3 Professional's camera. You can also
configure various camera parameters from the Camera page.

                         [5] [6]               [8]
                          .! I!
                                                 I

[15]--@                                        .~""

                                               ··· ---[10]

                         [12] [11]
        Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

      [1) Flight Mode
          E): The text next to this icon indicates the current flight mode.
           Tap to configure the MC (Main Controller) Settings. These settings allow you to modify flight limits and
            set the gain values.

       [2) GPS Signal Strength
           ~.ul!: This icon shows the current strength of GPS signals. Green bars indicate adequate GPS
           strength.

       [3) IOC Settings

        t>A CL : This icon displays the IOC setting when the aircraft has entered F-mode. Tap to view the IOC

            settings menu and select the desired IOC setting.

       [4) System Status
            c~~Fiy(GPS), : This icon indicates the current aircraft system status and GPS signal strength.

~
::P. [5) Battery Level Indicator
§: -<>-o ___.,:The battery level indicator provides a dynamic display of the battery level. The colored

-6' zones on the battery level indicator represent the power levels needed to carry out different functions.

"'0

       [6) Remote Controller Signal

       g." ,1111: This icon shows the strength of remote controller's signal.

       [7) HD VIdeo Link Signal Strength

        IJfef ,11ll: This icon shows the strength of the HD video downlink connection between the aircraft and

            the remote controller.

       [8] Battery Level

        f't 1()0%: This icon shows the current battery level.

            Tap to view the battery information menu, set the various battery warning thresholds, and view the
            battery warning history.

       [9] General Settings
           :::Tap this icon to view the General Settings page. From this page, you can set flight parameters,
            reset the camera, enable the quick view feature, adjust the gimbal roll value, and toggle the flight
            route display.

       [10] Camera Operation Bar
             Shutter and Recording Settings

          9 : Tap to enter various camera value settings, including color space for the recording, resolution of

            the videos, image size and so on.

             Shutter

      e :Tap this button to take a single photo. Press and hold this button to select single shot, triple shot

             or time-lapsed shooting modes.
                                                                                                   Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

      Record
     ~ : Tap once to start recording video, then tap again to stop recording. You can also press the
      Video Recording Button on the remote controller, which has the same functionaiity.

      Playback

    [f) :Tap to enter the playback page. You can preview photos and videos as soon as they are

      captured.

      Camera Settings
      ~;: : Tap to set ISO, shutter and auto exposure values of the camera.

[11] Vision Positioning

   g :This icon shows the distance between the surface and the Vision Positioning System's sensors.

[12] Flight Telemetry                                                                                                                  0

                                                                                                                                       c_

      The Vision Positioning Status icon is highlighted when the Vision Positioning is in operation.

      Flight attitude is indicated by the flight attitude icon.
      (1) The red arrow shows which direction the aircraft is facing.
      (2) Light blue and dark blue areas indicate pitch.
      (3} The angle of the boundary between the light blue and dark blue areas indicates the roll angle.

[13] Map
      Display the flight path of the current flight. Tap to switch from the Camera GUI to the Map GUI.

[14] Retum to Home (RTH)

     Ji) : Initiate RTH home procedure. Tap to have the aircraft return to the last recorded home point.

[15] Auto Takeoff/Landing

   .t..l..!. :Tap to initiate auto takeoff or landing.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

[16] Livestream

      ~ : Livestream icon indicates the current video feed is broadcasting live on YouTube. Be sure the
     mobile data seNice is available on the mobile device.

[17] Back

    ft :Tap to return to the main GUI.

,_ .  ---

·o·r:EtotQt; · ·

Director is an automatic video editor built into the DJI Pilot app. After recording several video clips, simply
tap "Director" from the app's home screen. You can then select a template and a specified number of
clips, which are automatically combined to create a short film that can be shared immediately.

0

'- Tap "Store" to visit the official DJI Online Store to see the latest information about OJI products and easily
       buy new products.

    ·bi~~~n(·..:;

       Sync pictures and videos to your mobile device, view flight logs, and check your DJI account status in
       'Discovery'. Use your registered DJI account to login to 'Discovery'.
Flight

This section describes safe flight
practices and flight restrictions.
    Flight

       Once pre-flight preparation is complete, it is recommended that you use the flight simulator in the DJI Pilot
       app to hone your flight skills and practice flying safely. Ensure that all flights are carried out in an open
       area.

    ~~li~f1tf3f1\'ffo~m~t~.~~9~it~~~···.··.···

       1. Do not use the aircraft in severe weather conditions. These include wind speeds exceeding 10 m/s ,
          snow, rain and fog.

       2. Only fly in open areas. Tall structures and large metal structures may affect the accuracy of the on-
          board compass and GPS system.

       3. Avoid obstacles, crowds, high voltage power lines, trees, and bodies of water.
       4. Minimize interference by avoiding areas with high levels of electromagnetism, including base stations

          and radio transmission towers.
       5. Aircraft and battery performance is subject to environmental factors such as air density and

          temperature.Be very careful when flying at altitudes greater than 19, 685 feet (6000 meters) above sea

::n level, as the performance of the battery and aircraft may be affected.

~ 6. The Phantom 3 Professional cannot operate within the polar areas.

    ·.·F;~~~t,OJ1lt~:~f!~J~or:~·¥.:~@!~!~;~~.···

       All unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) operators should abide by all regulations set forth by government and
       regulatory agencies including the ICAO and the FAA. For safety reasons, flights are limited by default,
       which helps users operate this product safely and legally. Flight limitations include height limits, distance
       limits, and No-Fly Zones.
       When operating In P-mode, height limits, distance limits, and No-Fly Zones function concurrently to
       manage flight safety. In A-mode, only height limits are in effect, which by default prevent the aircraft
       altitude from exceeding 1640 feet (500 m).

       Maximum flight altitude & Radius Limits
       Maximum flight altitude and radius limits may be changed in the DJI Pilot app. Be aware that the
       maximum flight altitude cannot exceed 1640 feet (500 meters). In accordance with these settings, your
       Phantom 3 Professional will fly in a restricted cylinder, as shown below:

Maximum Flight Altitude  Max Radius

                                                  Home Point

                         -Lit--~- Height of a<rcraft
                                                     when turned on
                                                                Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Maximum Flight  FlightUmits                     DJI Pilot app      Aircraft Status lndicat>r
Altitude
                Aircraft's altitude cannot      Warning: Height    None.
Max Radius      exceed the specified value.     limit reached.
                                                                   Rapid red flashing "
                Flight distance must be within  Warning: Distance  ...... when close to the
                the rnax radius.                limit reached.     max radius lirnit.

GPS Signal Weak Y..... ·~inking Yel!l>w

          Flight Limits                  DJI Pilot app             Aircraft Status Indicator
                                                                   None.
Maximum   Height is restricted to 400    Warning; Height limit
Flight    feet. (120m) and under.        reached.
Altitude

Max Radius No limits

        · If you fly out of the limit, you can still control the Phantom 3, but cannot fly it any father. If the
 ~ Phantom 3 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back within

           range automatically.
        · If the Phantom 3 flies out of the max radius in Ready to Fly (non-GPS) mode, it will fly back
          within range automatically.

No-RyZones
All No-Fly Zones are listed on the DJI official website at http://flysafe.dji.com/no-fly. No-Ry Zones are
divided into Airports and Restricted Areas. Airports include major airports and flying fields where manned
aircraft operate at low altitudes. Restricted Areas include border lines between countries or sensitive
institute. The details of the No-Fly Zones are explained as follow:

Airport
(1) Airport No-Ry Zone are comprised of Take-off Restricted zones and Restricted Altitude Zones. Each

    zone features circles of various sizes.
(2) R1 miles (value of the R1 depends on the size and shape of the airport) around the airport is a Take-

    off restricted zone, inside of which take off is prevented.
(3) From R1 mile to R1 + 1 mile around the airport the flight altitude is limited to a 15 degree inclination.

    Starting at 65 feet (20 meters) from the edge of airport and radiating outward. The flight altitude is
    limited to 1640 feet (500 meters) at R1+1 mile
(4) When the aircraft enters within 320 feet (100 meters) of No-Fly Zones, a warning message will appear
    on the OJI Pilot app.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

      L J-1mile----+I+-R1            No-fly zone Restricted-altitude flight zone Warning zone

      r,;;:;]+------ R2 - - - - - +

       Restricted Area

;g. (1) Restricted Areas does not have flight altitude restrictions.

;:r (2) R miles around the designated restriction area is a Take-off Restricted area. Aircraft cannot take off

            within this zone. The value of R varies based on the definition of the restricted areas.

       (3) A "warning zone" has been set around the Restricted Area. When the aircraft approaches within 0.6

            miles (1 km) of this zone, a warning message will appear on the OJI Pilot app.

      I I-Restricted Area--+

                                    No-Hy zone Warning zone Free zone

42 .
                                                               Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

GPS Signal Strong ($:· ...... Blinking Green

Zone             Restriction                            OJI Pilot App Prompt                Aircraft
                                                                                            Status
                                                                                            Indicator

                 Motors will not start.                 Warning: You are in a No-fly
                                                        zone. Take off prohibited.

No-fly Zone      If the aircraft enters the
                 restricted area in A-mode, but is
                 switched to P-mode, the aircraft       Warning: You are in a no-fly zone.
                 will automatically descend, land,      Automatic landing has begun.
                 and stop its motors.

                 If the aircraft enters the restricted  R1: Warning: You are in a            R: ......
                 area in A-mode, but is switched        restricted zone. Descending to      Red flashing
                 to P-mode, it will descend to an       safe altitude.
 Restricted-     appropriate altitude and hover         R2: Warning: You are in a
altitude flight  15 feet below the altitude limit.      restricted zone. Maximum flight
                                                        altitude is restricted to between
    zone                                                20m and 500m. Ry cautiously.

Warning zone No flight restriction applies, but Warning: You are approaching a

                 there will be a warning .              restricted zone, Fly cautiously.

Free zone                                               None.                               None.
                  No restrictions.

Eel Serni-autornatic descent: All stick commands are available except the throttle stick command

       during the descent and landing process. Motors will stop automatically after landing.

& · When flying in a safety zone, the aircraft's status indicator will blink red rapidly and continue

         for 3 seconds, then switch to indicate current flying status and continue for 5 seconds at which
         point it will switch back to blinking red.
       · For safety reasons, please do not fly close to airports, highways, railway stations, railway lines,
         city centers, or other sensitive areas. Ry the aircraft only within your line of sight.
       Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

       1. Remote controller, Intelligent Right Battery, and mobile device are fully charged.
       2. Propellers are mounted correctly and firmly.
       3. Micro-SO card has been inserted, if necessary.
       4. Gimbal is functioning normally.
       5. Motors can start and are functioning normally.
       6. The DJI Pilot app is successfully connected to the aircraft.

       IMPORTANT: Always calibrate the compass in every new flight location. The compass is very sensitive
       to electromagnetic interference, which can produce abnormal compass data and lead to poor flight
       performance or flight failure. Regular calibration is required for optimal performance.

     0 ·Do not calibrate your compass where there is any possibility of strong magnetic interference.

                  Sources of potential interference include magnetite, parking structures, and subterranean

l} metal structures

;:r · Do not carry ferromagnetic materials with you during calibration such as keys or cellular

                  phones.
               · Do not calibrate in direct proximity to large metal objects.
                · DO NOT calibrate indoors.

      Calibration Procedures
       Choose an open area to carry out the following procedures.
       1. Ensure that the compass is calibrated. If you did not calibrate the compass as part of your pre-flight

           preparations, or if you have moved to a new location since the last calibration, tap the Aircraft Status
           Bar in the app and select "Calibrate", then follow the on-screen instructions.
       2. Hold the aircraft horizontally and rotate 360 degrees. The Aircraft Status Indicators will display a solid
          green light.
                                                                                                 Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

3. Hold the aircraft vertically, with nose pointing downward, and rotate it 360 degrees around the center
   axis. Recalibrate the compass if the Aircraft Status Indicator glows solid red.

          1

 &, If the Aircraft Status Indicator blinks red and yellow after the calibration procedure, move your

         aircraft to a different location and try again.

 :¢: Calibrate the compass before each flight. launch the DJI Pilot app and follow the on-screen

         instructions to calibrate the compass. DO NOT calibrate the compass near metal objects such
         as a metal bridge, cars, scaffolding.

When to Recalibrate
1.When compass data is abnormal and the Aircraft Status Indicator is blinking green and yellow.
2.When flying in a new location or in a location that is different from the most recent flight.
3.When the mechanical or physical structure of the Phantom 3 Professional has been changed.
4.When severe drifting occurs in flight, i.e. Phantom 3 Professional does not fly in straight line.

~~~tQ,~~1f;~9A~tilq#6<!10~.~.· '.. ·.

Auto Takeoff
Use auto takeoff only if the Aircraft Status Indicators are blinking green. Follow the steps below to use the
auto takeoff feature:
1. Launch the DJI Pilot app, and enter "Camera" page.
2. Ensure the aircraft is in P- mode.
3. Complete all steps on the pre-flight checklist.
4. Tap".t.", and confirm that conditions are safe for flight. Slide the icon to confirm and takeoff.
5. Aircraft takes off and hovers at (1.5 meters) above ground.

 &, Aircraft Status Indicator blinks rapidly when it is using the Vision Position System for stabilization.

          The aircraft will automatically hover below 3 meters. It is recommended to wait until there is
          sufficient GPS lock before using the Auto Take-off feature.
Phantom 3 Professional User Manual

Auto-Landing
Use auto-landing only if the Aircraft Status Indicators are blinking green. Follow the steps below to use the
auto-landing feature:
1. Ensure the aircraft is in P- mode.
2. Check the landing area condition before tapping".!.", to begin landing. Then follow the on-screen

   instructions.

~~~!tf~J~tgpl;>ilJ!J, t&eMt?t()~s~< .

Starting the Motors
A Combination Stick Command (CSC) is used to start the motors. Push both sticks to the bottom
inner or outer corners to start the motors. Once the motors have started spinning, release both sticks
simultaneously.

Stopping the Motors
There are two methods to stop the motors.
Method 1: When Phantom 3 Professional has landed, push the throttle downG:>, then conduct the same

esc that was used to start the motors, as described above®. Motors will stop immediately. Release both

sticks once motors stop.
Method 2: When the aircraft has landed, push and hold the throttle down. The motors will stop after three
seconds.

Method 1  Method 2

,&, Do not perform a CSC when the aircraft is in midair, otherwise the motors will suddently stop.

Takeoffll...anding Procedures

1. Place the aircraft in an open, flat area with the battery level indicators facing towards you.
2. Turn on the remote controller and your mobile device, then turn on the Intelligent Flight Battery.
3. Launch the DJI Pilot app and enter the Camera page.

4. Wait until the Aircraft Indicators blink green. This means the Home Point is recorded and it is now safe

   to fly. If they flash yellow, the Horne Point has not been recorded.
5. Push the throttle up slowiy to take off or use Auto Takeoff.
6. Shoot photos and videos using the DJJ Pilot app.
7. To land, hover over a level surface and gently pull down on the throttle to descend.
8. After landing, execute the CSC command or hold the throttle at its lowest position until the motors stop.
9. Turn off the Intelligent Flight Battery first, then the Remote Controller.
