June 16, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11835
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­1161

Ms. Mary B. Wohnrade, P.E.
Principal
Wohnrade Civil Engineers, Inc.
11582 Colony Row
Broomfield, CO 80021

Dear Ms. Wohnrade:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

By letter dated March 27, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on
behalf of Wohnrade Civil Engineers, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an
exemption. The petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to
conduct site reconnaissance for public and private civil construction projects, including bridge
inspections and aerial photography and videography.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Inspire 1.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products
and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates. In accordance with the statutory criteria
                                                                                                                 2

provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in
consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated with the
aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft
meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from
14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts, Subpart H--Airworthiness
Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, is
not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection1. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

· They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

· The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

· A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Wohnrade Civil Engineers, Inc. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a),
91.7(a), 91.119(c), 91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and
91.417(a) and (b), to the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform
aerial data collection. This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed
below.

1 Aerial data collection includes any remote sensing and measuring by an instrument(s) aboard the UA.
Examples include imagery (photography, video, infrared, etc.), electronic measurement (precision surveying, RF
analysis, etc.), chemical measurement (particulate measurement, etc.), or any other gathering of data by
instruments aboard the UA.
                                                                                                                 3

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Wohnrade Civil Engineers, Inc. is hereafter referred to as
the operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Inspire 1 when
         weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed operations of any other
         aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
                                                                                                            4

    limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
    the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
    Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
    documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
    operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.
                                                                                                            5

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.
                                                                                                            6

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
    PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
    activities at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
      a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
          from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
          that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
          where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
          the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
          of nonparticipating persons; and
      b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
          for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
          the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
          present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
    nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
    Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
    obtained for each flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
    to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
    reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
    contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.
                                                                                                                 7

 If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
 television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

    29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
         as documented in this grant of exemption.

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.
                                                                                    8

This exemption terminates on June 30, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.
Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service

Enclosures
   Wohnrade Civil Engineers, Inc.  

  
  

  

  

March  27,  2015  

  

Docket  Operations,  M-30  

U.S.  Department  of  Transportation  

1200  New  Jersey  Avenue,  SE.,  Room  W12-140  

West  Building  Ground  Floor  

Washington,  DC  20590-0001  

  

Subject:         Section  333  Petition  for  Exemption  14  CFR    § 11.81  

      Electronic  Submittal  ­  Via  FDMS  Website  

  

Dear  Staff:  

  

This  letter  serves  as  a  petition  for  exemption  from  specific  rules  contained  in  Title  14  of  the  Code  of  

Federal  Regulations  (14CFR),  regarding  the  operation  of  a  small,  unmanned  aircraft  system  (small  

UAS)  in  the  National  Airspace  System  (NAS).    This  petition  has  been  prepared  and  filed  in  

accordance  with  14  CFR  § 11.81.  

  

Operation  of  the  Unmanned  Aircraft  

The  UAS  will  be  used  for  civil  operations  by  Wohnrade  Civil  Engineers,  Inc.,  a  professional  civil  

engineering  consulting  firm,  for  the  propose  of  conducting  site  reconnaissance  for  both  public  and  

private  civil  construction  projects,  including  bridge  inspections.    The  UAS  will  be  used  to  gather  
aerial  still  photography,  and  videos  for  use  in  engineering  studies  pertaining  to  hydrology  and  

floodplain  modeling.    These  operations  would  benefit  the  public  as  a  whole  by  enabling  enhanced  

acquisition  of  existing  topography  for  use  in  the  preparation  of  detailed  engineering  studies.    Aerial  

photography  would  also  serve  as  a  historical  record,  which  is  commonly  shared  with  federal,  state,  
and  local  agencies.  

  

We  intend  to  implement  all  of  the  Operational  Limitations,  outlined  in  Proposed  Part  107  of  the  

Notice  of  Proposed  Rulemaking  (NPRM),  at  a  minimum.    These  limitations  will  ensure  the  same  
level  of  safety  offered  by  the  rules  for  which  the  exemption  is  sought.    By  adhering  to  the  

Operational  Limitations,  the  proposed  UAS  operation  will  minimize  risk  to  the  NAS,  and  to  persons  

and  property  on  the  ground.    The  UAS  will  be  operated  in  Class  G  airspace  only,  and  flights  will  not  

exceed  200  feet  in  elevation  above  ground  level.  
  

Operations  will  be  limited  to  daylight-only  in  Class  G  airspace,  using  visual  line-of-sight  (VLOS),  in  

sparsely  populated  areas.    Operations  will  also  remain:  
  

· 5  nautical  miles  (NM)  from  an  airport  having  an  operational  control  tower;  or  

· 3  NM  from  an  airport  with  a  published  instrument  flight  procedure,  but  not  an  operational  tower:  

          or  
· 2  NM  from  an  airport  without  a  published  instrument  flight  procedure  or  an  operational  tower;  or  

· 2  NM  from  a  heliport  with  a  published  instrument  flight  procedure.  

  

  

                                                        11582 Colony Row, Broomfield, Colorado 80021
                                                                          Phone: 720-259-0965
                                                                            Fax: 720-259-1519
Section  333  Petition  for  Exemption  14  CFR    §  11.81                          Wohnrade  Civil  Engineers,  Inc.  
                                                                                                                                           
March  27,  2015                                                        

Page  2  

  
        

Prior  to  each  flight,  the  Pilot  In  Command  (PIC)  will  perform  a  preflight  inspection  of  the  UAS,  and  

follow  the  manufacturer's  preflight  checklist.    In  addition,  an  Airplane  Flight  Manual/Inspire  1  User  

Manual  (AFM)  will  also  be  available  for  each  flight.  

  

The  UAS  specifications  can  be  found  in  the  Inspire  1  User  Manual,  which  has  been  included  in  this  

submittal.    The  aircraft  loads  will  include  a  video  camera,  and  intelligent  flight  battery,  and  are  

included  in  the  total  weight  of  the  aircraft,  which  is  roughly  6.5  lbs.    The  Inspire  1  Safety  Guidelines  

also  provide  recommendations  for  the  safe  operation  of  the  UAS,  and  potential  hazards.  

  

Unmanned  Aircraft  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  

The  Pilot  in  Command  (PIC)  will  be  Mary  B.  Wohnrade,  who  holds  a  private  pilot  license  for  single  
engine  land  aircraft,  Certification  Number  332548448.    Ms.  Wohnrade  has  logged  87  hours  of  flight  

time  in  a  fixed-wing  single-engine  aircraft.    She  holds  no  current  medical  certificate.    As  pilot  in  

command,  she  will  assume  the  final  authority  and  responsibility  for  the  operation  and  safety  of  the  

flight.    She  will  also  be  responsible  for  staying  abreast  of  the  latest  FAA  regulations,  through  the  
"Know  Before  You  Fly"  program.  

  

Unmanned  Aircraft  System  

The  UAS  will  be  the  Inspire  1,  which  is  manufactured  by  DJI.    All  manufacturers  recommendations  

related  to  safety  guidelines  will  be  referenced  to  ensure  the  safe  operation  of  the  small  UAS  in  the  

NAS.    This  includes  all  DJI  instructional  videos,  and  written  Safety  Guidelines  for  the  Inspire  1.  

  
As  PIC,  Ms.  Wohnrade  will  implement  the  Operational  Limitations  outlined  in  Proposed  Part  107  of  

the  Notice  of  Proposed  Rulemaking  (NPRM),  Volume  80,  No.  35  of  the  Federal  Register,  dated  

Monday,  February  23,  2015.    The  small  UAS  will  be  operated  by  dual  controls.    One  operator  will  

control  the  flight  of  the  UAS,  and  the  second  operator  will  control  the  camera  mounted  on  the  UAS.  
  

Maintenance  and  repair  will  be  performed  as  necessary,  and  a  maintenance  record  will  be  recorded  

in  a  repair  logbook.  This  will  ensure  that  the  UAS  is  in  a  safe  condition  for  flight.    The  Maintenance  

Manual  for  the  Inspire  1  will  be  used  as  a  reference,  and  has  been  included  in  this  submittal.    The  
UAS  will  also  be  registered  in  accordance  with  Part  47  of  the  49  UCS  § 44711.  

  

Rules  for  which  we  seek  exemption  are  summarized  below,  and  include:  

     1) 14  CFR,  Part  21,  Subpart  H  -  Airworthiness  Certificates  

               i. This  section  pertains  to  requirements  for  the  issue  of  airworthiness  certificates.    

                    Proposed  Part  107  of  the  NPRM  concluded  that,  requiring  small  UAS  operators  to  

                    conduct  inspection  and  maintenance  of  the  small  UAS  pursuant  to  the  existing  
                    regulations  of  14  CFR  part  43,  or  to  obtain  a  permit  to  operate  (PTO),  would  not  

                    result  in  significant  safety  benefits.  

     2) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.103-   Preflight  Action  

               i. This  section  pertains  to  preflight  actions  for  IFR  flights,  and  reviewing  information  
                    related  to  runway  lengths,  and  takeoff  and  landing  distances.    The  small  UAS  will  

                    never  be  flown  under  IFR  conditions,  and  takeoff  and  landing  distances  are  not  a  

                    factor  on  a  rotorcraft.    The  small  UAS  will  undergo  a  preflight  assessment,  which  will  

                    include:  (1)  Local  weather  conditions;  (2)  local  airspace  and  flight  restrictions;  (3)  
                    the  location  of  persons  and  property  on  the  ground;  (4)  any  other  ground  hazards.    

     3) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.109-   Flight  Instruction  

   11582 Colony Row, Broomfield, Colorado 80021

                                                                          Phone: 720-259-0965

                                                                            Fax: 720-259-1519
Section  333  Petition  for  Exemption  14  CFR    §  11.81                          Wohnrade  Civil  Engineers,  Inc.  
                                                                                                                                           
March  27,  2015                                                        

Page  3  

  
        

             i. This  section  pertains  to  aircraft  being  used  for  flight  instruction.    The  small  UAS  will  

                       not  be  used  for  flight  instruction.  

     4) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.119-   Minimum  Safe  Altitudes  

             i. This  section  pertains  to  minimum  altitudes  for  flight,  which  are  a  minimum  of  500  

                       feet  above  the  surface,  and  greater.    The  small  UAS  will  be  flow  at  a  maximum  

                       altitude  of  500  feet  above  the  surface.    This  rule  would  not  be  applicable  to  

                       Proposed  Part  107  of  the  NPRM.  

     5) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.121-   Altimeter  Settings  

             i. This  section  pertains  to  cruising  altitudes  and  flight  levels  as  referenced  by  altimeter  

                       settings.    In  addition,  the  rule  pertains  to  flights  that  are  above  a  minimum  altitude  

                       of  500  feet.    The  small  UAS  does  not  contain  an  altimeter,  and  will  be  flown  at  a  

                       maximum  altitude  of  500  feet.    This  rule  would  not  be  applicable  to  Proposed  Part  

                       107  of  the  NPRM.  

     6) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.151-   Fuel  Requirements  for  VFR  Conditions  

             i. This  section  pertains  to  fuel  requirements  in  VFR  conditions  when  flying  an  aircraft  

                       to  the  first  point  of  intended  landing.    The  small  UAS  will  be  flown  on  battery  power,  

                       and  will  remain  within  a  visual  line-of-sight  (VLOS)  at  all  times.    This  rule  would  not  

                       be  applicable  to  Proposed  Part  107  of  the  NPRM.  

     7) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.203(a)(1)-   Civil  Aircraft  Certifications  
               i. This  section  pertains  to  airworthiness  certificates  originally  designed  for  manned  
                    aircraft.    It  is  not  practically  feasible  for  small  UAS  manufacturers  to  complete  the  
                    certification  process  required  of  manned  aircraft.    Proposed  Part  107  of  the  NPRM  
                    has  accommodated  non-recreational  small  UAS  use  through  a  certificate  of  waiver  
                    or  authorization  (COA).    The  UAS  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA,  and  a  COA  would  
                    be  requested  subsequent  to  the  Section  333  exemption  process.  

     8) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.405-   Maintenance  Required  
               i. This  section  pertains  to  the  maintenance  of  manned  aircraft.    Proposed  Part  107  of  

                    the  NPRM  concluded  that,  requiring  small  UAS  operators  to  conduct  inspection  and  

                    maintenance  of  the  small  UAS  pursuant  to  the  existing  regulations  of  14  CFR  part  43,  

                    or  to  obtain  a  permit  to  operate  (PTO),  would  not  result  in  significant  safety  
                    benefits.  

     9) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.407-   Operation  After  Maintenance,  Preventative  Maintenance  

               i. This  section  pertains  to  aircraft  maintenance,  preventative  maintenance,  and  
                    alterations  for  manned  aircraft.    The  small  UAS  will  not  carry  persons,  and  will  not  

                    be  altered  to  change  flight  characteristics.  

     10) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.409-   Inspections  

               i. This  section  pertains  to  manned  aircraft  inspections.    Proposed  Part  107  of  the  
                    NPRM  concluded  that,  requiring  small  UAS  operators  to  conduct  inspection  and  

                    maintenance  of  the  small  UAS  pursuant  to  the  existing  regulations  of  14  CFR  part  43,  

                    or  to  obtain  a  permit  to  operate  (PTO),  would  not  result  in  significant  safety  

                    benefits.  
     11) 14  CFR,  part  91  § 91.417-   Maintenance  Records  

               i. This  section  pertains  to  maintenance  records  for  manned  aircraft  for  the  100-hour,  

                    annual,  and  progressive  periods.    These  rules  are  impractical  for  a  small  UAS,  and  

                    would  not  result  in  significant  safety  benefits.    Maintenance  records  for  the  small  
                    UAS  will  be  kept  as  required.  

  

   11582 Colony Row, Broomfield, Colorado 80021

                                                                          Phone: 720-259-0965

                                                                            Fax: 720-259-1519
Section  333  Petition  for  Exemption  14  CFR    §  11.81                         Wohnrade  Civil  Engineers,  Inc.  
March  27,  2015                                                                                                                       
Page  4                                                                                                                                  
  
  
Summary  of  Rules  for  Exemption:  

Sections  of  14  CFR:  parts  21  and  91.    Specifically  including  sections:  part  21,  Subpart  H,  § 91.103,  

§ 91.109,  § 91.119,  § 91.121,  § 91.151,  § 91.203(a)(1),  § 91.405,  § 91.407,  § 91.409,  § 91.417.  
  

Description  of  Relief  Sought:  

Mary  B.  Wohnrade,  a  professional  civil  engineer,  is  seeking  an  exemption  to  commercially  operate  a  

small  unmanned  aircraft  system  (sUAS),  15  pounds  or  less  including  payload,  to  perform  various  
operations  which  include,  but  are  not  limited  to:  aerial  acquisition  and  research  in  support  of  public  

and  private  civil  construction  projects,  aerial  photography  for  utility  and  irrigation  companies,  local  

infrastructure,  engineering  studies,  flood  studies  and  floodplain  modeling,  mining,  and  surveying.  

  
Conclusion  

Due  to  their  light  weight,  small-unmanned  aircraft  generally  pose  a  significantly  lower  risk  to  

people  and  property  on  the  ground,  as  compared  to  manned  aircraft.    The  size,  weight,  speed,  and  

capability  of  the  Inspire  1  UAS  will  not  create  a  hazard  to  the  users  of  the  NAS  or  the  general  public,  
nor  will  it  pose  a  threat  to  national  security.    Granting  this  request  for  exemption  would  not  

adversely  affect  safety,  and  would  be  in  the  public  interest.  

  
The  UAS  will  be  registered  with  the  FAA,  and  upon  receiving  a  grant  of  exemption  a  "blanket"  200-

foot  Certificate  of  Waiver  or  Authorization  (COA)  would  be  requested.  

  

  
Sincerely,  

WOHNRADE  CIVIL  ENGINEERS,  INC.  

  

                                                  
  
Mary  B.  Wohnrade,  P.E.  -  Principal  

Registered  Engineer  -  CO,  IL,  NV  
mary@wcecivil.com  

   11582 Colony Row, Broomfield, Colorado 80021

                                                                          Phone: 720-259-0965

                                                                            Fax: 720-259-1519
