May 11, 2015

                                                           Exemption No. 11538
                                                           Regulatory Docket No. FAA­2015­0394

Ms. Rebecca MacPherson
Counsel for Xcel Energy, Inc.
Jones Day
51 Louisiana Avenue, NW.
Washington, DC 20001-2113

Dear Ms. MacPherson:

This letter is to inform you that we have granted your request for exemption. It transmits our
decision, explains its basis, and gives you the conditions and limitations of the exemption,
including the date it ends.

The Basis for Our Decision

By letter dated February 11, 2015, you petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
on behalf of Xcel Energy, Inc. (hereinafter petitioner or operator) for an exemption. The
petitioner requested to operate an unmanned aircraft system (UAS) to conduct inspections of
energy infrastructure.

See Appendix A for the petition submitted to the FAA describing the proposed operations and
the regulations that the petitioner seeks an exemption.

The FAA has determined that good cause exists for not publishing a summary of the petition
in the Federal Register because the requested exemption would not set a precedent, and any
delay in acting on this petition would be detrimental to the petitioner.

Airworthiness Certification

The UAS proposed by the petitioner is a DJI Spreading Wings S1000+.
                                                                                                                 2

In accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of Public Law 112-95 in
reference to 49 U.S.C. § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, and limited
operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation, the Secretary of Transportation
has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of Section 333. Therefore, the FAA
finds that relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification procedures for products and parts,
Subpart H--Airworthiness Certificates, and any associated noise certification and testing
requirements of part 36, is not necessary.

The Basis for Our Decision

You have requested to use a UAS for aerial data collection. The FAA has issued grants of
exemption in circumstances similar in all material respects to those presented in your petition.
In Grants of Exemption Nos. 11062 to Astraeus Aerial (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0352),
11109 to Clayco, Inc. (see Docket No. FAA-2014-0507), 11112 to VDOS Global, LLC (see
Docket No. FAA-2014-0382), and 11213 to Aeryon Labs, Inc. (see Docket No.
FAA-2014-0642), the FAA found that the enhanced safety achieved using an unmanned
aircraft (UA) with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no passengers or
crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying crew in
addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation enabled
by this exemption is in the public interest.

Having reviewed your reasons for requesting an exemption, I find that--

 They are similar in all material respects to relief previously requested in Grant of
    Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and 11213;

 The reasons stated by the FAA for granting Exemption Nos. 11062, 11109, 11112, and
    11213 also apply to the situation you present; and

 A grant of exemption is in the public interest.

Our Decision

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Xcel Energy, Inc. is granted an exemption from
14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c), 61.101(e)(4) and (5), 61.113(a), 61.315(a), 91.7(a), 91.119(c),
91.121, 91.151(a)(1), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b), to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate a UAS to perform aerial data collection.
This exemption is subject to the conditions and limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations

In this grant of exemption, Xcel Energy, Inc. is hereafter referred to as the operator.
                                                                                                                 3

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

    1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the DJI Spreading
         Wings S1000+ when weighing less than 55 pounds including payload. Proposed
         operations of any other aircraft will require a new petition or a petition to amend this
         exemption.

    2. Operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and television filming are
         not permitted.

    3. The UA may not be operated at a speed exceeding 87 knots (100 miles per hour). The
         exemption holder may use either groundspeed or calibrated airspeed to determine
         compliance with the 87 knot speed restriction. In no case will the UA be operated at
         airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed recommended by the
         aircraft manufacturer.

    4. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
         (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.

    5. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times.
         This requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
         corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or
         U.S. driver's license.

    6. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within
         the visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used
         to satisfy the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS
         capability. The VO and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times;
         electronic messaging or texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC
         must be designated before the flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the
         duration of the flight. The PIC must ensure that the VO can perform the duties
         required of the VO.

    7. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its
         operations in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of
         exemption, are hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating
         documents must be accessible during UAS operations and made available to the
         Administrator upon request. If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and
         limitations in this exemption and the procedures outlined in the operating documents,
         the conditions and limitations herein take precedence and must be followed.
         Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as outlined in its operating
         documents. The operator may update or revise its operating documents. It is the
         operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated and revised
                                                                                                            4

    documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request. The
    operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update
    or revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then
    the operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's
    UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding
    updates or revisions to the operating documents.

8. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation
    or flight characteristics, e.g., replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo
    a functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such
    a manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

9. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is
    in a condition for safe operation.

10. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the
    UAS is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all
    potential discrepancies, e.g., inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the
    inspection reveals a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is
    prohibited from operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the
    UAS is found to be in a condition for safe flight.

11. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul,
    replacement, inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and
    aircraft components.

12. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer
    safety bulletins.

13. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport,
    commercial, private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a
    current FAA airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a
    state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal
    government. The PIC must also meet the flight review requirements specified in
    14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the
    ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be
    operated under this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and
    maintaining appropriate distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC
    qualification flight hours and currency must be logged in a manner consistent with
                                                                                                            5

    14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs
    (training, proficiency, and experience-building) and determining the PIC's ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated
    under this exemption are permitted under the terms of this exemption. However,
    training operations may only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. During
    training, proficiency, and experience-building flights, all persons not essential for
    flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC must operate the UA
    with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with 14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not
    denoted with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current
    FAA-published aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's
    management is obtained or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption
    holder. The letter of agreement with the airport management must be made available
    to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet
    horizontally from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a
    pre-determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available power for the UA to conduct the
    intended operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve
    power recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The
    exemption holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct
    operations that cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification
    (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must
    be as large as practicable.
                                                                                                               6

   23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
       any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9 and 91.203 must be available to the
       PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
       These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
       official upon request.

   24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and
       activities at all times.

   25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

   26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
       persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
          a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating persons
             from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator must ensure
             that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a situation arises
             where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are within 500 feet of
             the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a manner ensuring the safety
             of nonparticipating persons; and
          b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted permission
             for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety assessment of
             the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that it does not
             present an undue hazard.

       The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are not considered
       nonparticipating persons under this exemption.

   27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
       permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative.
       Permission from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be
       obtained for each flight to be conducted.

   28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
       boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported
       to the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be
       reported to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions
       contained on the NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

If this exemption permits operations for the purpose of closed-set motion picture and
television filming and production, the following additional conditions and limitations apply.

   29. The operator must have a motion picture and television operations manual (MPTOM)
       as documented in this grant of exemption.
                                                                                                                 7

    30. At least 3 days before aerial filming, the operator of the UAS affected by this
         exemption must submit a written Plan of Activities to the local Flight Standards
         District Office (FSDO) with jurisdiction over the area of proposed filming. The 3-day
         notification may be waived with the concurrence of the FSDO. The plan of activities
         must include at least the following:
           a. Dates and times for all flights;
           b. Name and phone number of the operator for the UAS aerial filming conducted
              under this grant of exemption;
           c. Name and phone number of the person responsible for the on-scene operation of
              the UAS;
           d. Make, model, and serial or N-Number of UAS to be used;
           e. Name and certificate number of UAS PICs involved in the aerial filming;
           f. A statement that the operator has obtained permission from property owners
              and/or local officials to conduct the filming production event; the list of those
              who gave permission must be made available to the inspector upon request;
           g. Signature of exemption holder or representative; and
           h. A description of the flight activity, including maps or diagrams of any area, city,
              town, county, and/or state over which filming will be conducted and the altitudes
              essential to accomplish the operation.

    31. Flight operations may be conducted closer than 500 feet from participating persons
         consenting to be involved and necessary for the filming production, as specified in the
         exemption holder's MPTOM.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the UAS, the UAS PIC, and the UAS
operations must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR including, but not limited to,
parts 45, 47, 61, and 91.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Sincerely,

/s/
John S. Duncan
Director, Flight Standards Service
                    Xcel Energy, Inc.'s Petition for Exemption
Pursuant to Section 333 ofthe FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012

Applicant:                             Attorneys of Applicant:

Xcel Energy, Inc.                      Jones Day
Attn: Gregory Bennett                  Attn: Rebecca MacPherson
1123 West 3rd Avenue                   51 Louisiana Avenue NW
Denver, CO 80223                       Washington, DC 20001-2113
Phone: 303.571.3674                    Phone: 202.879.4645
Email: gregory.bennett@xcelenergy.com  Email: Rmacpherson@j onesday. com
                                     I. SUMMARY OF PETITION

          Pursuant to Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of2012 ("Section
333"), Xcel Energy, Inc. hereby respectfully requests expedited approval to use Small Unmanned
Aircraft Systems ("sUAS") under the terms and conditions described in this Petition for
Exemption ("Petition") to conduct inspections of energy infrastructure. Xcel Energy also requests
the exemptions that are necessary to such approval pursuant to 49 U.S.C. § 44701(£), and 14
C.F.R. § 11.81. 1 As a matter of clarification, Xcel Energy is not requesting exemptions from§§
21, 27, 45.24, 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(b) because, based on previous FAA exemptions, Xcel
Energy believes the FAA has determined these regulatory provisions do not apply to sUAS
operations at this time. 2 In addition, Xcel Energy believes that no relief is needed from §§ 91.7,
91.103,91.119 and 91.1501 because it can comply with the regulations as drafted. 3 (Note: A
summary ofXcel Energy's petition suitable for publication in the Federal Register is provided in
Appendix B.)

          Xcel Energy, whose principal subsidiaries are operating companies Northern States Power

Company Minnesota (NSPM), Northern States Power Company- Wisconsin (NSPW), Public

Service Company of Colorado (PSCO), Southwestern Public Service Company (SPS), and service

company Xcel Energy Services, Inc., initially seeks to conduct feasibility studies/pilot projects to

1As described in Appendix A to this Petition, Xcel Energy requests an exemption from the following regulations: 14
C.F.R. §§ 61.113 (a) and (b); 6 1.133(a); 91.1 09; 91.121; 91.151 (a); ; 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(l ); 91.409 (a)(2); and 91.417
(a) and (b).
2 Xcel Energy notes that the FAA has previously held that relief is not required from § 91.109 if the sUAS, and its
related training program, does not utilize dual controls (see Exemption No. II 062). To the extent the FAA
continues to believe this is a proper reading of§ I03, Xcel Energy suggests §91.1 03 is not applicable to this
exemption request.
3 Xcel Energy notes that the FAA appears to require an exemption from § 91.119(c) even when the sUAS appears to
qualify as a helicopter, as defined in § 1.1, under the provisions of§ 91.119(d). To the extent the FAA finds that §
119(c) applies to Xcel Energy's contemplated operations using a rotorcraft sUAS, Xcel Energy requests an
exemption from this provision.
assess the applicability, practicability and potential for implementing sUAS for tasks including
visual inspections of vital energy infrastructure such as electric transmission and distribution
lines, power plants (including renewable energy facilities), substations, natural gas transmission
and distribution pipelines, compressor stations, storage facilities and valves in order to further
the public interest in the safe and reliable delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers.
The specific locations on Xcel Energy's system targeted for the pilot projects are identified in
Appendix C to this petition. Confidential treatment is requested for the information provided in
Appendix C. Xcel Energy intends to expand the scope of operations beyond those identified in
Appendix C upon receipt of the appropriate Certificate of Authorization (COA). The expanded
scope of operations will be limited to 10 states (Colorado, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New
Mexico, Oklahoma, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin) within which Xcel
Energy owns electric and/or gas facilities. Accordingly, Xcel Energy requests that any grant of
an exemption not be limited to the feasibility studies/pilot projects identified in Appendix C.
Xcel Energy recognizes that it will need to secure a new or amended COA when seeking to
expand its sUAS operations beyond the areas identified in Appendix C.

         Small UAS are ideally suited for inspection of energy infrastructure-they can
inexpensively, safely and quickly deliver high-quality photo and video and location data
which eliminates the need for physical inspection thus speeding the process of trouble-
shooting and, ultimately, increases the reliability of electricity and gas supply. In particular,
sUAS allow utility workers to conduct inspections without placing themselves in potentially
hazardous situations. They can also facilitate the safe inspection of hard-to-access or
environmentally sensitive areas without the use of service trucks, helicopters or other utility
vehicles that may have more impact than sUAS. In addition, because of the small size of the

                                                             2
craft, in many cases, sUAS can be more efficient and cost-effective than traditional methods which
can help to reduce operations and maintenance costs and, perhaps most importantly, provide a
means for faster resolution of problems on electric and gas systems. In short, approval of this
request and the provision of the necessary exemptions will increase electric and gas system
reliability, decrease customer costs and enhance worker safety.

          Moreover, approving the requested use would represent a significant step forward in the
FAA's ("Administration") efforts to integrate sUAS into the national airspace system. Xcel
Energy's request provides the Administration with an opportunity to partner with a leading
electric and gas energy provider as it works to develop its rulemaking pursuant to the FAA
Reauthorization Act of 2012 while doing so for a compelling public purpose and under strict
operational and safety guidelines. Given the uniqueness ofXcel Energy-the company has a diverse
geographical and environmental footprint and a distinctive resource mix-it is ideally suited to
help the Administration understand potential utility applications for sUAS.

         Xcel Energy proposes to use sUAS that are rotorcraft, have a maximum takeoff weight of
24 pounds, operate at a speed of no more than 50 knots and contain built-in safety features. In
addition, Xcel Energy proposes to use the aircraft at low altitudes, not in proximity to airports
unless a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) is first established with the airport authority or
densely populated areas, on property owned or controlled by Xcel Energy or is utility right of
way, within the visual line of sight of the operator and under controlled conditions. Accordingly,
the requested exemptions satisfy the applicable statutory criteria and policies, will serve the
public interest, will not adversely affect safety and will provide a level of safety at least equal to
the existing airworthiness and related regulations. Approval of this Petition is, therefore,
consistent with Section 333's directive to "establish requirements for the safe operation of

                                                         3
[unmanned aircraft systems] in the national airspace system" if the Secretary of
Transportation determines that certain unmanned aircraft systems may operate safely in the
national airspace system.4

                                     II. APPLICANT BACKGROUND
          Xcel Energy is a major U.S. electric and natural gas company based in Minneapolis,
Minnesota. The company owns facilities in 10 states (Colorado, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota,
New Mexico, Oklahoma, North Dakota, South Dakota, Texas and Wisconsin) and provides a
comprehensive portfolio of energy-related products and services to 3.4 million electricity
customers and 1.9 million natural gas customers. Xcel Energy is a U.S. investor-owned company
with regulated operations as four wholly-owned utility subsidiaries.

          Xcel Energy works hard to deliver clean, safe, reliable energy at a competitive price.
Recognizing that energy is fundamental to the quality of people's lives and the economic health
of our communities, the company also knows that its customers rely on it around the clock. The
company takes that responsibility seriously. Xcel Energy operates major generating facilities that
use a variety of fuel sources including coal, natural gas, nuclear fuel, water (hydro), oil and
refuse. Its portfolio includes facilities that generate electricity from the wind and sun. In total,
Xcel Energy's plants are capable of producing more than 17,000 megawatts (MW) of electricity.
Xcel Energy generates approximately two-thirds of its power and buys the remainder from other
electricity suppliers to meet customers' energy needs.

4 Section 333(c) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012, Pub. L. No. 112-95, 126 Stat II.

                                                                  4
                     Owned Generating Plants

Type                 Plants  Net Dependable Capacity

                                              in Megawatts (MW)*

Coal 13 7,424 MW

Natural Gas          25                       6,956 MW

Nuclear              2                        1,594 MW

Hydro                26                       377 MW

Diesel               2                        305 MW

Refuse-Derived Fuel  3                        52 MW

Wind                 3                        46 MW*

Solar                4                        0.1 MW

Total                78 16,754.1 MW

*Net generating capacity is 327 MW for Xcel Energy-owned wind energy facilities.

Summer net dependable capacity is determined to be lower because wind generation

is an intermittent resource and is only available when ambient wind conditions exist.

          With~12,500 employees as of January, 2014, Xcel Energy efficiently maintains electric
transmission facilities comprised of ~87,600 conductor miles which equate to~19,000 miles of
transmission lines traversing 10 states. (Note: lines are composed of multiple conductors, hence
the reason for the difference between conductor miles and miles of transmission line.) The
company's electric distribution facilities are comprised of~193,1 00 conductor miles, gas
transmission facilities comprised of ~2,250 miles of pipeline and gas distribution facilities
comprised of ~33,900 miles of pipeline.

         Consistent with its effort to provide safe and reliable electric and gas service, Xcel

Energy seeks to use sUAS to more efficiently and safely perform inspections of its energy

infrastructure.

         The name and mailing address of the applicant is:

Xcel Energy, Inc.
Attn: Gregory Bennett
1123 West 3rd Avenue
Denver, CO 80223
Phone: 303.571.3674
Email: gregory.bennett@xcelenergy.com

                        5
                             III. RELEVANT STATUTORY AUTHORITY
A. Section 333

          Section 333(a) states that the Administration "shall determine if certain unmanned
aircraft systems may operate safely in the national airspace before completion of the plan and
rulemaking [to broadly integrate UAS into the national airspace] required by Section 332 ofthis
Act." Section 333 is also described as a pathway for "expedited operational authorization." 5

          Section 333(b)(l) outlines the factors that the Administration shall use to determine
whether UAS may be operated safely in the national airspace system: size, weight, speed,
operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation within visual
line of sight. In addition, and importantly for this Petition, Section 333(b)(2) provides the
Administration with the discretion to determine that a certificate of waiver, certificate of
authorization, or airworthiness certification is not required to operate UAS that are found to be
appropriate under Section 333(b)(l). Finally, Section 333(c) allows the Administration to
establish requirements for safe operation of the UAS determined to be able to be operated safely
in the national airspace system.

B. Section 4470l(f)
         In addition to its specific authority related to authorizing UAS operation under Section

333, the Administration has general authority to grant exemptions from its safety requirements
and minimum standards if the Administration finds that the exemption is in the public interest.6
Administration regulations set forth the information that must be included in the petition for
exemption: (1) the applicant's name and mailing address; (2) the regulations from which the
applicant seeks exemption; (3) the extent of relief sought and why; (4) the reasons why granting

5 Section 332(b)(l).

6 49 u.s.c. § 44701(f).

                         6
the request would be in the public interest and how it would benefit the public as a whole; and
(5) the reasons why granting the exemption would not adversely affect safety, or how the
exemption would provide a level of safety at least equal to the rule from which the applicant
seeks exemption. 7

                                                IV. DISCUSSION
A. Xcel Energy's Proposal Satisfies the Section 333 Criteria for Approval.

          As described above, Section 333(b)(l) outlines the factors that the Administration shall
use to determine whether UAS may be operated safely in the national airspace system: size,
weight, speed, operational capability, proximity to airports and populated areas, and operation
within visual line of sight. Applying the criteria outlined in Section 333(b)(1) and other relevant
criteria to this case demonstrates that Xcel Energy's proposed terms and conditions of operation
will result in the sUAS being operated safely in the national airspace system, consistent with
Section 333. Based on the small size of the sUASs involved, the low altitude and restricted
environment in which they will operate and the fact that they will be operated within the visual
line of sight of the operator, there is more than sufficient basis to find that the sUAS can be
operated safely under Xcel Energy's proposal without an airworthiness certificate.

          1. Size, Weight, Speed, and Operational Capability
         Xcel Energy seeks an exemption permitting operations of a DJI Spreading Wings S1000+.
The S1000+ is an electric powered octocopter sUAS that has a maximum takeoffweight of24
pounds and a diameter of approximately 41" (distance measured rotor to rotor across the center).
The S1000+ will not be operated above 50 knots (The S1000+ has a velocity to never exceed
limitation of 15 m/s, and a typical maneuvering speed of five m/s.). The S1000+ has an integrated

7 14C.F.R. § 11.81.

                                                           7
GPS autopilot system. The integrated GPS autopilot provides stable, precise flight and stable
hovering enabling field workers to focus on situational awareness (e.g., proximity to equipment)
and safety. In addition, the GPS autopilot system provides an automatic return to home capability
in the unlikely case of signal loss with the operator. Additional detailed information regarding the
characteristics and capabilities of the S1000+ is included in the Pilot Operating Handbook (POH)
provided in Appendix D. Confidential treatment is requested for the information provided in
Appendix D.

          The S1000+ is ideally suited for inspection of power lines, generating plants, pipelines
and other energy-related infrastructure because the aircraft has the capability to deliver high-
quality photos and videos more efficiently and cost-effectively than traditional methods. Using
sUAS can also be safer for utility workers because it will avoid putting utility workers in
situations with potential hazards, eliminating the risk of injuries. They also allow the safe
inspection of hard-to-access or environmentally sensitive areas without the use of trucks and
other utility vehicles. Overall, sUAS can provide significant benefits to utility workers and
customers over traditional energy infrastructure inspection methods.

          2. Locations for Initial Feasibility Studies/Pilot Projects
         The specific locations on Xcel Energy's system targeted for the feasibility studies/pilot
projects are identified in Appendix C to this petition.

         Xcel Energy will avoid operating the sUAS over densely populated areas and will
operate at least five nautical miles away from the nearest airport unless a MOA is first
established with the airport authority. The sUAS will be operated at low altitudes of 400 feet
or less-much lower than the airspace in which manned vehicles operate. Finally, operations
will occur over utility property or utility right of way.

                                                             8
          In addition, Xcel Energy's sUAS flights will likely occur in airspace that is subject to a
Notice to Airmen (NOTAM). The Administration has issued a standing notice to pilots to avoid
loitering in the "airspace above, or in proximity to, sites such as nuclear power plants, power plants,
dams, refineries, industrial complexes, military facilities, and other similar facilities." This
NOTAM should further limit the potential interaction for any flights near Xcel Energy power
generation facilities.

         3. \isual Line of Sight
          A trained operator will fly the sUAS during daylight hours, in good weather and within
the operator's line of sight. In addition, the operator will be accompanied by a trained
spotter/safety observer who also will be positioned in line of sight ofthe aircraft and will be in
constant communication with the operator to identify and alert the operator to any potential
obstacles. This eliminates the need for other "sense and avoid" capabilities during operation,
as well as the need for any method of air traffic control communications. 8

B. Xcel Energy's Proposal Also Satisfies the Standard for Exemption under
         Section 44701 and 14 C.F.R. § 11.81.
         1 Granting Xcel Energy's Request Would Not Adversely Affect Safety and
                   Would Provide a Level of Safety at Least Equal to Existing Rules.
          Granting Xcel Energy's Petition will not adversely affect safety and Xcel Energy's

proposed terms and conditions of operation would provide a level of safety at least equal to the
use of traditional aircraft under existing rules. As discussed above with respect to Section
333(b)(I) criteria, the size, weight, speed and operational capability ofthe sUAS that will be
used in the proposed operations indicate that the aircraft can be operated safely in the national
airspace system. Moreover, the aircraft will be operated at low altitudes, not in proximity to

8 See Interim Operational Approval Guidance 08-01, Unmanned Aircraft Systems Operations in the US. National
Airspace System at 4 (Mar. 13, 2008).

                                                                  9
airports unless a MOA is first established with the airport authority or densely populated areas

and within the visual line of sight of the operator and safety observer. In addition, Xcel Energy

proposes the following conditions to ensure the requested exemption would result in a level of

safety at least equal to the rules from which Xcel Energy is seeking an exemption. More

information regarding conditions and operational considerations that Xcel Energy proposes to

ensure safety is include in Xcel Energy's sUAS Operations Manual provided in Appendix E and

Xcel Energy's sUAS Safety Management System Manual provided in Appendix F. Confidential

treatment is requested for the information provided in Appendices E and F.

                   a. Safety Systems

         Xcel Energy will use sUAS that have a semi-autonomous navigation and control system
comprised of a Ground Control Station and auto-pilot system. Automated safety functions and
safety enhancing features of the sUAS that Xcel Energy will use include the following
(Additional information about the safety enhancing features is included in thePOH provided in
Appendix D.):

         · Precision Flight and Stable Hovering: Integrated GPS autopilot system
                    provides position holding, altitude lock and stable hovering allowing all field
                    personnel to focus on situational awareness and safely getting the job done.

         · Auto Return-To-Home: Fail-safe feature will automatically activate in case of
                    signal loss with ground station using GPS-Enabled autopilot to automatically
                    return and land the craft at the original take-off point.

         · Clearly Visible Battery and GPS Status: Battery and GPS status will be
                    available through airframe status lights clearly visible to the operator and
                    available through the ground station display.

         · Controlled Airspace No-Fly Zone: All flights will be preplanned and a GPS
                    controlled autopilot will be used to enforce corporate policy and training
                    prohibiting flights in proximity to airports unless a MOA is first established
                    with the airport authority and densely populated areas.
                   b. Mandatory Operating Conditions

                                                              10
         In addition to the safety features described above, Xcel Energy proposes its exemption be
subject to the following mandatory conditions to ensure safe operation:

         · Operations will avoid densely populated areas.
         · Operations will be conducted over property owned or controlled by Xcel

                    Energy or is utility right of way.
         · Maximum total flight time for each flight will be 30 minutes. Flights will be

                    terminated at 25% battery power reserve, should that occur before this time limit.
         · Operations will occur during Visual Flight Rules Meteorological Conditions.
         · Aircraft to remain within Visual Line of Sight ("VLOS "). VLOS will be

                    guaranteed with a cylinder of operation around operator of 1/2 nautical mile.
         · Operations will occur during daylight hours.
         · Flights will be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet Above Ground

                   Level (AGL).
         · The aircraft will not be operated at above 50 knots.
         · All operations to remain more than five nautical miles from centerline azimuth

                   of runway centerline measured from runway thresholds unless a MOA) is first
                   established with the airport authority.
         · Operators will possess a private pilot's license and a 2nd class
                   medical certificate.

         · Operators and safety observers will meet the operator training and
                   certification requirements proposed below.

        · Operators and safety observers will be in communication at all times.
        · Operator will perform required maintenance per the manufacturer's

                   recommendations and keep a log of any maintenance performed.
        · Operator will perform any safety checks specified in the manufacturer's user

                   guide prior to each flight.

                                                             11
                   c. Operator and Safety Observer Training and Certification
          As discussed above, the sUAS Xcel Energy will use are characterized by a high degree
of control and built-in technical capabilities that limit the potential for operation outside the
operating conditions set forth in this Petition. Moreover, the mandatory operating conditions
(maximum altitude, proximity to airfields, visual line of sight) minimize any potential weather
impact and interactions with other aircraft.

          Situational awareness around equipment, a thorough working knowledge of the sUAS,
and strict adherence to corporate sUAS flight policy are key to safe sUAS operations. Given the
significant differences between sUAS and piloted aircraft, the safety features inherent in the
sUAS, and the strict operating conditions that will apply, Xcel Energy proposes that operators
of the sUAS will be required to hold a private pilot license. Safety observers will be required to
pass an FAA private pilot's aeronautical knowledge exam. In addition, Xcel Energy will train
and internally certify operators and observers based on:

          · Proven knowledge ofXcel Energy sUAS flight policy (including Mandatory
                    Operating Conditions specified in this Petition);

         · Proven working knowledge of safe sUAS operations, flight characteristics,
                    safety features, GPS/Battery Status indicators and emergency procedures;

         · Utility knowledge regarding safe operations around high voltage power
                    equipment, power plants and natural gas facilities; and

         · A 2nd class medical certificate.
         Xcel Energy is receptive to modifying operator training and certification requirements
based on future regulations and industry guidance on licensing sUAS pilots using training and
testing relevant to operating sUAS in a limited flight area.

                                                             12
                   d. Privacy Considerations

          Xcel Energy will not operate sUAS in any way that may invade personal privacy and
will comply with any federal, state, or local privacy laws that may apply in areas where Xcel
Energy operates sUAS. In addition, as a practical matter, flights will occur over utility property or
utility right of way so privacy is unlikely to be a concern in relation to Xcel Energy's proposed
use.

         2. Granting Xcel Energy's Request Would Be in the Public Interest and Would
                   Benefit the Public as a Whole.

         Allowing the requested use will provide significant benefits to the public, Xcel Energy
customers and Xcel Energy employees. Using sUAS to inspect energy infrastructure can be
safer and more efficient than traditional methods of infrastructure inspection such as the use of
fixed wing aircraft, helicopters, bucket trucks and other service vehicles. The increased safety
and efficiency of using sUAS to inspect infrastructure following significant weather events is
especially important to Xcel Energy, which serves millions of retail customers in areas where
severe weather and other natural and manmade hazards occur with frequency. An infrastructure
inspection process that is safer and more efficient can help to lower operations and maintenance
costs and more quickly resolve problems in the delivery of electricity and natural gas, both of
which will benefit customers.

         Moreover, the requested use presents a compelling case for the Administration moving
forward with efforts to integrate sUAS into the national airspace system as required by
Section 333. The public has a significant interest in efficient and safe inspection of energy
infrastructure to ensure reliable delivery of power and natural gas; and Xcel Energy has
proposed using sUAS to further this public interest in a way that is at least as safe as operation
of aircraft under existing regulations. Xcel Energy's request, therefore, provides the
Administration an appropriate vehicle to further Congress' mandate to expedite integration of

                                                            13
UAS. In addition, Xcel Energy's operational experience resulting from the use of sUAS in
utility operations may be valuable to the Administration in developing comprehensive rules
governing sUAS for the electric industry.
C. Description of Relief Sought and Regulations from Which Exemption is

          Requested
          Based on the foregoing, Xcel Energy's proposal satisfies the criteria for approval under
Section 333. In addition, Xcel Energy's proposal meets the requirements and policies for
exemptions from Administration regulations. Xcel Energy, therefore, respectfully requests the
Administration grant exemptions from the regulations set fmih in Appendix A to this Petition.9

                                             V. CONCLUSION

          For the reasons discussed above, Xcel Energy satisfies the relevant criteria for approval
under Section 333 and exemptions from referenced regulations pursuant to Section 44701 (f).
Accordingly, Xcel Energy respectfully requests the Administration grant the relief requested in
this Petition to allow the use of sUAS for the purposes and under the conditions set forth herein.
Granting this Petition will not only further Congress' instruction to expedite the safe integration
of UAS into the national airspace system but will also further the significant public interest in
the safe and reliable delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers.

February 11, 2015  Respectfully submitted,

                   JkrwK·&m~

                   Gr go B nett
                   Xcel Energy, Inc.
                   1123 West 3rd Avenue
                   Denver, CO 80223
                   Phone: 303.571.3674
                   Email: gregory.bennett@xcelenergy.com

9 Xcel Energy has attempted to identify the applicable regulations for which an exemption is required tor the proposed
use. To the extent that the Administration determines that any other safety regulations might apply to Xcel Energy's
proposed use, Xcel Energy further requests that this Petition be deemed to seek an exemption from those requirements.

                   14
         Appendix A Regulations from Which Exemption is Requested
         Xcel Energy has attempted to identify the applicable regulations for which an exemption is
required for the proposed use. To the extent the Administration determines any other safety
regulations might apply to Xcel Energy's proposed use, Xcel Energy further requests this Petition
be deemed to seek an exemption from those requirements.

      1. 14 C.F.R. §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 61.133(a): Private Pilot Privileges and
               Limitations: Pilot in Command; Commercial Pilot Privileges and
               Limitations

         Sections 61.113(a) and (b) limit private pilots to non-commercial operations. Section
61.133(a) requires an individual with a commercial pilot's license to be pilot in command of an
aircraft for compensation or hire. Unlike a conventional aircraft that carries a pilot, passengers,
and cargo, the sUAS proposed for use by Xcel Energy are remotely controlled with no passengers
or cargo on board.

         Xcel Energy respectfully requests exemptions from these requirements based on the particular
characteristics of the sUAS that will be used. The risks associated with the operation of the
sUAS described above (given the size, speed, operational capabilities and lack of combustible
fuel) are much lower than the risks associated with commercial operations contemplated by
Part 61 with conventional aircraft. Accordingly, a private pilot, adequately trained in the proper
use of sUAS, possesses the requisite skills and knowledge of the NAS and FAA regulations to
assure the safe operation of the sUAS. In addition, Xcel Energy will use sUAS with a high
degree of control and various built-in technical capabilities that strictly limit the potential for
operation outside of the operating conditions set forth in this Petition.

         Given the inherently lower-risk nature of the sUAS and these safety features, Xcel
proposes that operators be required to successfully complete the training described above.

                                                           A-1
      2. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.109: Flight Instruction

          These regulations provide that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except a manned
tree balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully functioning dual
controls. The sUASs Xcel Energy will use are remotely-piloted aircraft and designed without
fully-functioning dual controls. Flight control is accomplished through the use of a control box
that communicates with the aircraft via radio communications. The equivalent level of safety
is provided as neither a pilot nor passengers will be carried in the aircraft, by the size and speed
of the aircraft and the safety features of the aircraft limiting the potential for operation outside the
operating conditions set forth in this Petition. Xcel Energy notes the FAA has previously found
an exemption from § 91.109 is not needed when the training protocol does not specify the use of
dual controls and the sUAS is not equipped with dual controls. Should the FAA continue to
believe this is the case, Xcel Energy notes that no exemption would be needed from this
requirement.

     3. 14 C.F.R. § 91.121: Altimeter Settings

          Section 121 requires each person operating an aircraft to maintain cruising altitude by
reference to an altimeter that is set "to the elevation of the departure airport or an appropriate
altimeter setting available before departure." As the sUAS may not have a barometric altimeter
but, instead, uses GPS technology, Xcel Energy requests an exemption from this requirement to
the extent it operates sUAS without a barometric altimeter. An equivalent level of safety will be
achieved by the operator confirming the acquisition of GPS signals and an initial ground level
altitude of zero prior to take-off.

                                                            A-2
      4. 14 C.F.R. § 91.151(a): Fuel Requirements for Flight in VFR Conditions

          Section 91.151(a) prohibits an individual from beginning "a flight in an airplane under
VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is enough fuel
to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed {1) During the
day, to fly after that for at least 30 minutes; or (2) At night, to fly after that for at least 45
minutes."

          Xcel Energy requests an exemption from the 30 minutes of reserve fuel requirement.
Given the limitations on flight locations and operations set forth in this Petition, a longer
timeframe for flight is reasonable. Operating the sUAS in a tightly controlled area with less than 30
minutes of reserve fuel does not engender the type of risks that Section 91.151 (a) was intended to
alleviate given the size and speed of the sUAS.

         Xcel Energy proposes that an equivalent level of safety can be achieved by limiting
flights to 30 minutes or 25% of battery power, whichever happens first. This restriction would be
more than adequate to return the sUAS to its planned landing zone from anywhere in its limited
operating area.

     5. 14 C.F.R. §§ 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(2); 91.417(a) and (b):
               Maintenance Inspections

         Sections 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(l), and 91.409(a)(l) and (2) specify maintenance and
inspection standards in reference to 14 C.F.R. Part 43. Section 417 requires an owner or operator
of an aircraft to maintain specific types of maintenance records, including signatures of the
person authorized to approve the aircraft's return to service, contemplated by Part 43. Given
these sections and Part 43 apply only to aircraft with an airworthiness certificate; these sections
will not apply to Xcel Energy's operation of sUAS. Maintenance will be accomplished by the

                                                           A-3
operator pursuant to the manufacturer specifications. An equivalent level of safety to existing
regulations will be achieved because these sUASs are very limited in size, operate only in
restricted areas for limited periods of time and carry no flammable fuel. If mechanical issues
arise, the sUAS can land immediately and will be operating from no higher than 400 feet AGL.
As described above, the operator will ensure the sUAS is in working order prior to initiating
flight, perform a preflight safety checklist, perform required maintenance and keep a log of any
maintenance performed. Moreover, the operator is the person most familiar with the aircraft and
best suited to maintain the aircraft in an airworthy condition to provide the equivalent level of
safety.

                                                              A-4
         Appendix B Summary Suitable for Publication in the Federal Register
Xcel Energy, Inc. petitions the Federal Aviation Administration for relief from compliance with
14 C.F.R.; §§ 61.113(a) and (b); 61.133(a); 91.1 09;; 91.121; 91.151 (a); 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(l );
91.409 (a)(2); and 91.417 (a) and (b); for purposes of operating small unmanned aircraft with a
takeoff weight of24 pounds or less on property owned or controlled by Xcel Energy or in utility
right of way to inspect energy infrastructure and identify problems in the delivery of electricity
or natural gas to customers. Xcel Energy proposes its operation be subject to the operating
conditions and safety standards set forth in the petition in lieu of the above-referenced regulations in
order to provide a level of safety equivalent to those regulations.

                                                              B-1
Appendix C Locations for Initial Feasibility Studies/Pilot Projects
                            Confidential Treatment Requested

                                                     C-1
Appendix D Xcel Energy's Pilot Operating Handbook
           Confidential Treatment Requested

                                 D-1
Appendix E Xcel Energy's sUAS Operations Manual
          Confidential Treatment Requested

                                  E-1
Appendix F Xcel Energy's sUAS Safety Management System Manual
                      Confidential Treatment Requested

                                            F-1
