                Exemption No. 11448

      UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
 DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION

          WASHINGTON, DC 20591

In the matter of the petition of              Regulatory Docket No. FAA-2014-0397

YAMAHA MOTOR CORPORATION,
U.S.A.

for an exemption from parts 21, 27; and
§§ 45.23(b); 61.113(a) & (b); 91.7(a);
91.9(b)(2); 91.103; 91.109; 91.119; 91.121;
91.151(b); 91.203(a) & (b); 91.405(a);
91.407(a)(1); 409(a)(2); 91.417(a) & (b);
91.1501; 137.19(d); 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii),
and (v); 137.31(a) & (b); 137.33(a); and
137.42 of Title 14, Code of Federal
Regulations

                                       GRANT OF EXEMPTION

   By letter posted to the public docket on June 13, 2014,1 Mr. David P. Murray, Willkie Farr
& Gallagher, LLP, Counsel for Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A., 1875 K Street, N.W.,
Washington, DC 20006 petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on behalf of
Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A. (Yamaha) for an exemption from parts 21, 27, and §§
45.23(b), 61.113(a) & (b), 91.7(a), 91.9(b)(2), 91.103, 91.109, 91.119, 91.121, 91.151(b),
91.203(a) & (b), 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(2), 91.417(a) & (b), 91.1501, 137.19(d),
137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v), 137.31(a) & (b), 137.33(a), and 137.42 of Title 14, Code of
Federal Regulations (14 CFR). Yamaha petitioned for an exemption to operate the Yamaha
RMAX for the purpose of providing commercial agricultural-related services.

The petitioner requests relief from the following regulations:

Part 21 prescribes, in pertinent part, the procedural requirements for issuing and changing
design approvals, productions approvals, airworthiness certificates, and airworthiness
approvals.

1 By letter dated November 6, 2014, the petitioner responded to the FAA's request for information.
                                                        2

Part 27 prescribes, in pertinent part, the airworthiness standards for the issuance of type
certificates for normal category rotorcraft with maximum weights of 7,000 pounds or less and
nine or less passenger seats.

Section 45.23(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that when marks include only the Roman capital
letter "N" and the registration number is displayed on limited, restricted or light-sport
category aircraft or experimental or provisionally certificated aircraft, the operator must also
display on that aircraft near each entrance to the cabin, cockpit, or pilot station, in letters not
less than 2 inches nor more than 6 inches high, the words "limited," "restricted," "light-sport,"
"experimental," or "provisional," as applicable.

Sections 61.113(a) and (b) prescribe that--

         (a) no person who holds a private pilot certificate may act as a pilot in command of an
             aircraft that is carrying passengers or property for compensation or hire; nor may
             that person, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an aircraft.

         (b) a private pilot may, for compensation or hire, act as pilot in command of an
             aircraft in connection with any business or employment if:

             (1) The flight is only incidental to that business or employment; and

             (2) The aircraft does not carry passengers or property for compensation or hire.

Section 91.7(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft unless
it is in an airworthy condition.

Section 91.9(b)(2) prohibits operation of U.S.-registered civil aircraft unless there is available
in the aircraft a current approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual, approved manual
material, markings, and placards, or any combination thereof.

Section 91.103 prescribes, in pertinent part, that each pilot in command shall, before
beginning a flight, become familiar with all available information concerning that flight, to
include--

         (a) For a flight under IFR or a flight not in the vicinity of an airport, weather reports
             and forecasts, fuel requirements, alternatives available if the planned flight cannot
             be completed, and any known traffic delays of which the pilot in command has
             been advised by ATC;

         (b) For any flight, runway lengths at airports of intended use, and the following
             takeoff and landing distance information:

             (1) For civil aircraft for which an approved Airplane or Rotorcraft Flight Manual
                  containing takeoff and landing distance data is required, the takeoff and
                  landing distance data contained therein; and
                                                        3

             (2) For civil aircraft other than those specified in paragraph (b)(1) of this section,
                  other reliable information appropriate to the aircraft, relating to aircraft
                  performance under expected values of airport elevation and runway slope,
                  aircraft gross weight, and wind and temperature.

Section 91.109 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft (except
a manned free balloon) that is being used for flight instruction unless that aircraft has fully
functioning dual controls.

Section 91.119 prescribes, in pertinent part, that, except when necessary for takeoff or
landing, no person may operate an aircraft below the following altitudes:

    (a) Anywhere. An altitude allowing, if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without
         undue hazard to persons or property on the surface.

    (b) Over congested areas. Over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over
         any open air assembly of persons, an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle
         within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft.

    (c) Over other than congested areas. An altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except
         over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be
         operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.

    (d) Helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft. If the operation is
         conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface

         (1) A helicopter may be operated at less than the minimums prescribed in paragraph
             (b) or (c) of this section, provided each person operating the helicopter complies
             with any routes or altitudes specifically prescribed for helicopters by the FAA;

Section 91.121 requires, in pertinent part, each person operating an aircraft to maintain
cruising altitude by reference to an altimeter that is set "...to the elevation of the departure
airport or an appropriate altimeter setting available before departure."

Section 91.151(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may begin a flight in a rotorcraft
under VFR conditions unless (considering wind and forecast weather conditions) there is
enough fuel to fly to the first point of intended landing and, assuming normal cruising speed,
to fly after that for at least 20 minutes.

Section 91.203(a) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating a civil aircraft unless
it has within it (1) an appropriate and current airworthiness certificate; and (2) an effective
U.S. registration certificate issued to its owner or, for operation within the United States, the
second copy of the Aircraft registration Application as provided for in § 47.31(c).
                                                        4

Section 91.203(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate a civil aircraft
unless the airworthiness certificate or a special flight authorization issued under § 91.715 is
displayed at the cabin or cockpit entrance so that it is legible to passengers or crew.

Section 91.405(a) requires, in pertinent part, that an aircraft owner or operator shall have that
aircraft inspected as prescribed in subpart E of the same part and shall, between required
inspections, except as provided in paragraph (c) of the same section, have discrepancies
repaired as prescribed in part 43 of the chapter.

Section 91.407(a)(1) prohibits, in pertinent part, any person from operating an aircraft that has
undergone maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration unless it has been
approved for return to service by a person authorized under § 43.7 of the same chapter.

Section 91.409(a)(2) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft
unless, within the preceding 12 calendar months, it has had an inspection for the issuance of
an airworthiness certificate in accordance with part 21 of this chapter.

Section 91.417(a) and (b) prescribe, in pertinent part, that--

         (a) Each registered owner or operator shall keep the following records for the periods
             specified in paragraph (b) of this section:

                  (1) Records of the maintenance, preventive maintenance, and alteration and
                      records of the 100-hour, annual, progressive, and other required or
                      approved inspections, as appropriate, for each aircraft (including the
                      airframe) and each engine, propeller, rotor, and appliance of an aircraft.
                      The records must include--

         (b) The owner or operator shall retain the following records for the periods prescribed:

                  (1) The records specified in paragraph (a)(1) of this section shall be retained
                      until the work is repeated or superseded by other work or for 1 year after
                      the work is performed.

                  (2) The records specified in paragraph (a)(2) of this section shall be retained
                      and transferred with the aircraft at the time the aircraft is sold.

                  (3) A list of defects furnished to a registered owner or operator under § 43.11
                      of this chapter shall be retained until the defects are repaired and the
                      aircraft is approved for return to service.

Section 91.1501 requires, in pertinent part, that operators support the continued airworthiness
of each airplane including revising the inspection program, incorporating design changes, and
incorporating revisions to Instructions for Continued Airworthiness.
                                                        5

Section 137.19(d) prescribes, in pertinent part, that the applicant for an agricultural aircraft
operator certificate must have at least one certificated and airworthy aircraft, equipped for
agricultural operation.

Sections 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v) prescribe, in pertinent part, the tests of skill for
agricultural aircraft operations that must be demonstrated by the applicant in the areas of (ii)
approaches to the working area, (iii) flare-outs, and (v) pullups and turnarounds.

Section 137.31(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless
that aircraft meets the requirements of Sec. 137.19(d).

Section 137.31(b) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate and aircraft unless
that aircraft is equipped with a suitable and properly installed shoulder harness for use by each
pilot.

Section 137.33(a) prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft unless a
facsimile of the agricultural aircraft operator certificate, under which the operation is
conducted, is carried on that aircraft.

Section 137.42 prescribes, in pertinent part, that no person may operate an aircraft in
operations required to be conducted under part 137 without a safety belt and shoulder harness
properly secured about that person.

The petitioner supports its request with the following information:

The petitioner proposes to operate the RMAX UAS to conduct commercial agricultural-
related services in the United States. The petitioner also intends to conduct commercial
agricultural aircraft operations as described in 14 CFR, part 137. The RMAX is capable of
providing a wide array of essential agricultural spraying services, including watering,
fertilizers, pesticides, and herbicides. The RMAX can also be equipped with sensors and
equipment to detect and monitor agricultural areas that require irrigation, fertilization, or other
treatments.

The petitioner has provided the following information along with its petition to support its
request for an exemption, which includes proprietary and/or confidential supporting
documents:

    1) RMAX training program;
    2) Yamaha RMAX Ground Theory Manual;
    3) Yamaha RMAX Operations Manual; and
    4) Yamaha RMAX Agricultural Guidebook

Documents 1 through 4 above are hereinafter collectively referred to as the operating
documents.
                                                        6

The FAA has organized the petitioner's information into four sections: (1) the Unmanned
Aircraft System (UAS), (2) the UAS Pilot in Command (PIC), (3) the UAS operating
parameters, and (4) the public interest.

Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS)

The Yamaha RMAX is a remotely-piloted rotorcraft. It is 9 feet long and 3 feet 6 inches tall,
has an empty weight of 141 lbs. and a load capacity of about 61 pounds for both liquid and
granular applications. The main rotor is about 10 feet in diameter and extends 4 feet from
either side of the RMAX and less than 3 feet from its front. The RMAX usually flies at a
speed of no more than 12 mph (with a maximum speed of 45 mph). It is powered by a 2-
cylinder, 246 cc engine that uses regular unleaded fuel with 2-stroke engine oil with a
maximum output of 21 horsepower.

The petitioner states that the RMAX carries neither a pilot nor passenger and will operate
within visual line of sight (VLOS) of a trained pilot and visual observer (spotter) only over
uninhabited areas (e.g. fields, groves and orchards) and away from airports (i.e. three nautical
miles or more) and populated areas.

The petitioner states that given the size, weight, speed, and limited operating area associated
with the aircraft and its operation, an exemption from 14 CFR part 21, Subpart H
(Airworthiness Certificates), subject to certain conditions and limitations, is warranted and
meets the requirements for an equivalent level of safety under 14 CFR part 11 and Section
333 of P.L. 112-95 (Section 333). The petitioner further states that UAS operated without an
airworthiness certificate in the restricted environment and under the conditions and limitations
proposed by the petitioner will be at least as safe, or safer, than a conventional aircraft (fixed
wing or rotorcraft) operating with an airworthiness certificate issued under 14 CFR part 21,
Subpart H and not subject to the proposed conditions and limitations.

The petitioner further cites the well-established performance and safety record of the RMAX
with its 20 year history of use in Japan and its recent approved use in Australia and South
Korea. The RMAX has also been flown in the United States as a public aircraft for research
and development purposes. The petitioner states that the RMAX has logged over 2 million
flight hours, treating more than 2.4 million acres of farmland each year in Japan alone.
During the this two decade period, there have been no injuries due to problems with the
aircraft in Japan, Australia or South Korea and in the limited instances where a problem with
the aircraft has occurred, the RMAX has either been safely landed and shut down by the pilot
or fallen to the ground without personal injury. There have been no collisions with other
aircraft.

The petitioner also states that the RMAX has a host of onboard safety systems, including: a
self-monitor function (diagnostic before takeoff); altitude control system (YACS); global
positioning system (GPS) flight control system; lost link safety default (hover and land);
YACS and GPS warning/indicator lights; speed indicator light; and rotor brake (propellers tilt
upon shut down to allow air resistance to quickly bring the propellers to full stop.
                                                        7

Regarding aircraft markings (§ 45.23), the petitioner states that even though the RMAX will
have no airworthiness certificate, an exemption is warranted because it has no entrance to the
cabin, cockpit, or pilot station on which the required marking can be displayed. Yamaha
proposes instead to display markings to the fullest extent possible in compliance with the
location requirements of § 45.27(a) and the size requirements of § 45.29(f).

Regarding maintenance and inspections, the petitioner states that the requirements in the
pertinent sections of 14 CFR part 91 which refer to 14 CFR part 43 are only applicable to
aircraft with an airworthiness certificate. However, the petitioner supports its request for relief
from these maintenance requirements by describing and referencing specific RMAX
maintenance and inspection procedures in the operating documents. Furthermore, equivalent
levels of safety for maintenance and inspections can be achieved using the same kind of
CASA-approved maintenance requirements and Yamaha's own certified technicians.

UAS Pilot in Command (PIC)

The petitioner states that § 61.113(a) limits private pilots to being in command of non-
commercial flights (i.e., not for compensation or hire); while § 61.113(b) provides an
exception that allows a private pilot to command an aircraft without passengers or property, in
connection with business or employment if "[t]he flight is only incidental to that business or
employment.

Yamaha states that the PIC of a RMAX would not meet the conditions of § 61.113(b) because
the operation of the RMAX would not be incidental to the proposed agricultural-related
services, but rather essential to it.

Yamaha is requesting an exemption from the limitation in § 61.113(a) that prohibits the
holder of a private pilot certificate from acting as a PIC for compensation or hire.
Alternatively, Yamaha is requesting an exemption from § 61.113(b) that would allow the
holder of a private pilot certificate to act as PIC for compensation or hire even if the flight is
not incidental to the business or employment of the PIC. Either of these requests, if granted,
would allow a person holding a private pilot certificate to act as PIC of an RMAX operation
for compensation or hire.

The petitioner states that it has integrated safety elements into the operation of the RMAX
including comprehensive pilot and visual observer (spotter) training and certification
requirements. These requirements, developed in cooperation with Australia's Civil Aviation
Safety Authority (CASA) include: a comprehensive UAV training course which includes
theory and practical components, a pilot theory exam, supervised flight training including
agricultural spraying, completion of Yamaha's training program requirements including
examination; and continued periodic training even after certification.

Completion and satisfaction of Yamaha training and certification requirements would be a
condition for pilots and spotters operating the RMAX for agricultural purposes in the United
                                                        8

States. In addition, for agricultural-related operations that involve chemical applications, the
pilot operating the RMAX would also be certified under the FAA's rules governing
Agricultural Aircraft Operations, 14 CFR part 137.

UAS Operating Parameters

The petitioner states the following conditions will be observed in support of its ability to
provide at least an equal level of safety or no adverse safety effect to persons or property in
the air or on the ground:

         a. The petitioner states that the RMAX will be operated within visual line of sight
             (VLOS) of the PIC.

         b. The PIC is always accompanied by a trained "spotter" who is positioned at the
             opposite side of the agricultural area and is in constant radio communication with
             the pilot. The spotter ensures that the RMAX is always within line-of-sight and
             helps identify and alert the PIC to any potential obstacles on the ground or in the
             air.

         c. Both the PIC and spotter will have completed a comprehensive training and
             certification program established by Yamaha prior to operation of the RMAX.

         d. The PIC will take all preflight actions as set forth in its flight manual, which
             includes a comprehensive preflight checklist.

         e. The RMAX will only be flown during daylight hours and in good weather.

         f. The PIC and spotter will maintain a safe distance from the RMAX when it is
             operating as set forth in its flight manual.

         g. UAS flights will be limited to a maximum altitude of 400 feet above ground level
             (AGL), and will normally be flown at altitudes of 20 feet AGL or less over a field
             or other agricultural area.

         h. UAS flights will only be flown over uninhabited areas (e.g. fields, groves, and
             orchards) and away from airports (i.e. three nautical miles or more) or populated
             areas.

         i. The maximum flight time for each UAS operation will be 60 minutes, with most
             agricultural flights lasting approximately 30 minutes.

         j. Operations of the RMAX that meet the definition of an "agricultural aircraft
             operation" will be conducted in accordance with 14 CFR part 137.
                                                        9

The petitioner states that although the RMAX has sufficient fuel capacity to provide for one
hour of flight time, flight times for agricultural-related purposes are typically only 30 minutes
due to the RMAX's load capacity for spraying and other applications. The petitioner notes
that the RMAX is typically refueled while it refills its payload, and thus is likely to comply
with the 20-minute requirement from § 91.151(b), Fuel requirements for flight in VFR
conditions, most of the time. Regardless of the potential for compliance, such a requirement is
not necessary for the RMAX because it only operates 20 feet above an empty field, so the risk
or danger associated with failing to reach a safe landing place is not present.

For the agricultural-related operations being requested, the petitioner intends to apply for an
agricultural aircraft operator certificate issued under 14 CFR part 137. The petitioner has
identified several sections of part 137 from which it seeks relief. Section 137.19(d) requires
that an applicant for an agricultural aircraft operation has at least one certificated and
airworthy aircraft. Section 137.31(a) prohibits agricultural operations in aircraft that do not
meet § 137.19(d). The petitioner is requesting to conduct agricultural aircraft operations with
RMAX aircraft that are not certificated, but are otherwise airworthy.

The petitioner requests relief from §§ 137.31(b) and 137.42 which require installation and use
of a safety belt and shoulder harness by the pilot during agricultural aircraft operations. The
petitioner states that since the RMAX is an unmanned aircraft (UA), these requirements are
inapplicable. The petitioner states that an equivalent level of safety will be maintained by
requiring the pilot and visual observer to maintain appropriate distances from the RMAX
during operations to ensure their safety.

The petitioner also requests relief from certain requirements in section § 137.19(e)(2) that
describe skill areas for maneuvers that are inapplicable to the RMAX when performing
agricultural services. These include the demonstration of skill for the following maneuvers:
(ii) approaches to the working area, (iii) flare-outs, and (v) pullups and turnarounds. Yamaha
states that demonstrated compliance with the remaining applicable skills requirements of
§ 137.19(e)(2), along with the knowledge requirements of § 137.19(e)(1), will provide an
adequate level of safety for operation of the RMAX.

The petitioner also requests relief from § 137.33(a) which requires that a facsimile of the
agricultural aircraft operator certificate be carried on the aircraft. Similar to relief granted in
Exemption 11062, because the RMAX is an unmanned aircraft, this requirement is not
necessary. Yamaha proposes that RMAX pilots will have copies of the required certificates
with them and available for inspection at all locations where and while the RMAX is being
used to perform agricultural chemical spray application and dispensing services.

Public Interest

The petitioner states that in many applications, the RMAX has proven more economical and
effective than other spraying methods, helping farmers increase productivity, lower costs, and
reduce the amount of chemicals used. The petitioner further states that the RMAX can
provide many agricultural services more efficiently, economically, and safely than other air-
                                                       10

or ground-based methods. Farmers, growers, and land managers, therefore, will immediately
benefit from the availability of the spraying services. Further public benefits include greater
operator safety on steep/slippery hills and terrain, reduced chemical usage, reduced operator
and other human exposure to chemicals, no crop damage or soil compaction and greater fuel
efficiency. Thus the grant of the requested exemptions is in the public interest.

Discussion of Public Comments:

A summary of the petition was published in the Federal Register on July 15, 2014 (79 FR
41350). Four comments were received. The Association of Unmanned Vehicle Systems
International (AUVSI) supported the petition and the Air Line Pilots Association International
(ALPA) opposed it. The National Agricultural Aviation Association (NAAA) and an
individual commenter raised safety issues and concerns.

AUVSI stated that Yamaha's exemption outlines at least an equivalent level of safety over the
use of a manned aircraft and it has adequately addressed the safety requirements in a number
of Federal aviation regulations. In support of the petition, AUVSI cited the economic benefits
of UAS used in agricultural operations, the 20 year service history of the RMAX, Yamaha's
pilot and spotter training requirements, the low operating altitudes, and Yamaha's request to
only operate over uninhabited areas and away from airports and other populated areas.

ALPA expressed concern regarding several aspects of the petition. ALPA stated that the
petitioner's UAS performance characteristics are more akin to a manned helicopter. ALPA
asserted that the impact of the petitioner's UAS on the NAS should be evaluated in
comparison with small manned helicopters of similar size, technology and performance
capabilities. ALPA noted that the anticipated operation would put the aircraft at the same
altitude as other aircraft in the NAS with only geographic separation to mitigate the risk of
collision. ALPA further noted that the aircraft "does not have a barometric altimeter". ALPA
stated that processes or mitigations must be in place to ensure the UA can accurately maintain
altitude, including engineering processes, software development and control, electronic
hardware development and control, configuration management, and quality assurance to
ensure the aircraft and its control system(s) operate to the same level of safety as other aircraft
operated commercially in the NAS.

ALPA commented that Communication and Command (C2) (typically referred to as
command and control) link failures are one of the most common failures on UAS, and that
lost link mitigations should require safe modes to prevent flyaways or other scenarios. An
individual commenter also expressed concerns about the need to prevent a fly-away situation.
The FAA has inserted conditions and limitations in this exemption to mitigate the risk
associated with such failures.

ALPA noted the petitioner must specify a means to meet see and avoid requirements in
§ 91.113 given the absence of an onboard pilot. The FAA notes that all flights must be
operated within VLOS of the PIC and visual observer (VO).
                                                       11

ALPA commented on the petitioner's proposal to operate at least 3 NM from airports. ALPA
noted that Class B, C, and D airspaces all have dimensions at the surface that exceed 3 NM.
The FAA agrees with this concern and establishes through this exemption and related
Certificates of Waiver or Authorization (COAs) safe operational distances from airports.

ALPA also identified that the RMAX is not equipped with a Mode C transponder, which is a
requirement for operating within 30 nautical miles of a Class B airport, unless otherwise
authorized by Air Traffic Control (ATC). The low operating altitudes within VLOS, in
addition to a dedicated spotter, sufficiently mitigate the risk of a mid-air collision with other
aircraft. The COA issued by the Air Traffic Organization (ATO) to approve specific
operations within the Mode C veil, if any, will address specific risk mitigations to ensure
those operations are conducted safely.

ALPA also noted that the petitioner's proposed operations are for "compensation or hire," and
therefore contends the pilot must hold at least a current FAA commercial pilot certificate with
an appropriate category and class rating for the type of aircraft being flown, as well as specific
and adequate training on the UAS make and model intended to be used. Similarly, ALPA
asserted a current second-class airman medical certificate should be required. NAAA also
commented on pilot qualification, stating it is necessary for the FAA to evaluate pilots of
unmanned aircraft on their knowledge and skills in UAS operation. Requirements for this
licensing should be developed along with other rigorous rules and qualifications to ensure safe
integration of the unmanned aircraft into the NAS.

The FAA has reviewed the knowledge and training requirements of sport, recreational, private
and commercial certificates and concluded that a UAS PIC holding a minimum of a sport
pilot certificate, and operating under this exemption, would not adversely affect operations in
the NAS or present a hazard to persons or property on the ground. Additional discussion of
the FAA's review is found in the FAA's Analysis section of this exemption.

ALPA also expressed concern that the petitioner's request is not for a single specific
operation or location, but for all operations of the same general type. ALPA stated that this
results in a considerable increase in the FAA's oversight tasks. The FAA notes ALPA's
concern and in order to minimize potential impact to the NAS, the FAA requires that each
operator secure COA which covers specific details of the petitioner's operation. The FAA
recognizes that UAS integration will generate new NAS access demand and will review and
adjust accordingly.

NAAA noted that its members operate in low-level airspace, and therefore clear low-level
airspace is vital to the safety of these operators. NAAA stated that seeing and avoiding other
aircraft and hazardous obstructions is the backbone for agricultural safety, and that
agricultural pilots depend on pilots of other aircraft to perform their see-and-avoid functions
to prevent collisions. NAAA believes UAS operations at low altitudes will increase the
potential for collision with agricultural aircraft.
                                                       12

The FAA recognizes these concerns and has incorporated associated conditions and
limitations into this exemption, including: (a) a Notice to Airmen (NOTAM) issued for all
operations; (b) operations conducted within VLOS of the pilot in command (PIC) and the VO;
and (c) the UAS PIC must always yield right-of-way to manned aircraft.

NAAA stated that FAA airworthiness certification should be a requirement for all unmanned
aircraft to operate within the NAS. NAAA recommended UAS be equipped with ADS-B or
similar identification and positioning systems, strobe lights, high-visibility markings and
registration numbers. NAAA also recommended UAS be operated strictly within the line-of-
sight of the ground controller, with the assistance of a VO and clear of any low-flying manned
aircraft.

With regard to the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR part 137, Agricultural Aircraft
Operations, NAAA stated that part 137 was created with agricultural aircraft in mind in order
to facilitate the necessary exemptions to allow them to perform their missions properly and
safely without relying on FAA waivers to be issued for normal agricultural operations.
NAAA further stated that while UAS were not envisioned when part 137 was originally
written, it believes the intention of the section needs to be applicable to all agricultural aircraft
and not limited to manned aircraft. NAAA noted that part 137 sets out a number of
requirements, including a knowledge and skills test, which is crucial for both manned and
unmanned agricultural pilots to understand. NAAA acknowledged that while some
provisions of Part 137 are impractical for UAS, it believes that the RMAX needs to be
required, to the greatest extent practicable, to comply with part 137 operating requirements,
including airworthiness certification § 137.19(d), rather than grant a blanket exemption for the
entire part. The FAA is requiring that Yamaha comply with part 137 to the extent possible as
discussed below.

As discussed in greater detail below, Section 333 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act
of 2012 authorizes the Secretary of Transportation to determine, considering a number of
factors laid out in the statute, that an airworthiness certificate is not necessary for certain
operations. The Secretary has made that determination in this case and therefore the aircraft
operated by the petitioner will not need to be certificated by the FAA.

The FAA's analysis is as follows:

The FAA has organized its analysis into five sections: (1) the UAS, (2) the UAS PIC, (3) the
UAS operating parameters, (4) the UAS operating certificate, and (5) the public interest.

UAS

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR part 21, Certification Procedures for Products
and Parts, and 14 CFR part 27, Airworthiness Standards: Normal Category Rotorcraft. In
accordance with the statutory criteria provided in Section 333 of P.L. 112-95 in reference to
49 USC § 44704, and in consideration of the size, weight, speed, operational capabilities,
design safety features, and limited operating area associated with the aircraft and its operation,
                                                       13

the Secretary of Transportation has determined that this aircraft meets the conditions of
Section 333. Because of the size, method of operation, and speed of the RMAX, operation of
the RMAX under the conditions and limitations below will not adversely impact safety. An
engineering review of the data supplied to the FAA during its evaluation supports this finding.
Therefore, the FAA finds that the requested relief from 14 CFR parts 21 and 27, and any
associated noise certification and testing requirements of part 36, are not necessary.

The RMAX is larger and heavier than UAS previously approved to operate under Section
333. The FAA reviewed engineering data supplied by the petitioner to assess whether the
increase in size and weight would adversely impact safety. Our evaluation considered risk
mitigating factors such as RMAX service history, pilot and spotter training requirements,
system safety features, the intended low-altitude and remote area of operations, and other
operating limitations.

The RMAX UAS has been in operation since 1997 and logged more than two million flight
hours. There are approximately 2,600 RMAX UAS in use worldwide. Yamaha has
developed production, certification, operation, and maintenance requirements for the RMAX.
Yamaha provided data that demonstrates the RMAX historical safety record for the types of
agricultural service operations being requested in its petition.

Manned aircraft conducting agricultural operations can weigh thousands of pounds and carry
hundreds of gallons of fuel and payload. The RMAX weighs approximately 200 lbs. and
carries about 2 gallons of fuel and 4 gallons of payload. Manned aircraft are operated by an
onboard pilot and may carry other onboard crewmembers. The RMAX pilot and crew will be
remotely located from the aircraft and will remain outside a designated safety zone when the
RMAX is operating, ensuring that the pilot and observer are never so close to the RMAX to
pose a hazard to the crew. The risk to an onboard pilot and crew during an incident or
accident is eliminated with the use of a UAS for the proposed operation.

Manned aircraft are at risk of fuel spillage and fire in the event of an incident or accident.
The RMAX carries much less fuel and would impact the surface with less energy than a
manned aircraft and therefore lowers the potential risk and severity of fire following an
incident or accident due to fuel or payload spillage.

The petitioner's UAS has on-board safety features that ensure the UAS can operate safely
under both normal and contingency operating conditions. These features include automation
to increase safety and reduce pilot workload. Some examples are the self-monitoring function
(pre-takeoff diagnostics), an altitude control system (YACS), and a GPS flight control system.
The lost-link safety default feature allows the RMAX to automatically hover and land in
response to a lost-link event. Safety features such as the YACS and GPS warning/indicator
lights and speed indicator light provide critical system status information to the pilot. When
concluding a flight, the rotor brake feature causes the propellers to tilt upon shut down to
allow air resistance to quickly bring the propellers to full stop. These safety features ensure
that these operations will not adversely impact safety compared to a manned aircraft
                                                       14

performing a similar operation and address ALPA's comments on mitigating risk of command
and control link failures.

The petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 45.23(b), Display of marks: general, is not
necessary because its UAS will not be certificated under 14 CFR § 21.191. The petitioner's UA
must be identified by serial number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have
identification (N-Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings
must be as large as practicable per § 45.29(f).

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR §§ 91.405(a), Maintenance required,
91.407(a)(1), Operation after maintenance, preventive maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration,
91.409(a)(2) Inspections, and 91.417(a) and (b) Maintenance records. The FAA has
determined that relief from § 91.409(a)(1) is also necessary. Data provided by the petitioner
indicates the main rotor system has not experienced any mechanical failures and the only
documented tail rotor failures occurred prior to a design change in 2003. The petitioner has a
documented history of correcting mechanical failures through design changes, improving the
reliability of the system. The average mechanical failure rate from 2009-2013 was 1 per
46,500 flight hours. The FAA has considered these factors in its evaluation of the petitioner's
request and determined that adherence to the conditions and limitations below regarding the
responsibilities for maintaining, inspecting, and pre-flight inspection are sufficient to ensure
that safety will not be adversely affected. Therefore the FAA finds that exemption from 14
CFR §§ 91.405(a), 91.407(a)(1), 91.409(a)(1) and (2), and 91.417(a) and (b) is warranted
subject to the conditions and limitations below.

UAS PIC

The FAA has analyzed the petitioner's proposed operation and has determined that it does
not differ significantly from the situation described in Grant of Exemption No. 11213 to
Aeryon Labs, Inc. (Docket No. FAA-2014-0642). Therefore, the FAA finds that a PIC
conducting operations under this grant of exemption may operate the UAS for
compensation or hire, or in furtherance of a business, with any of the following pilot
certificates: sport, recreational, private, commercial, or airline transport. Additionally, a
PIC must hold and possess either a medical certificate issued under 14 CFR part 67 or a
U.S. issued driver's license irrespective of the pilot certificate held. In addition, PICs must
comply with 14 CFR § 61.53, Prohibition on operations during medical deficiency.

Operating Parameters of the UAS

The petitioner's operating documents describe operational procedures and limitations
developed for the RMAX to provide mitigate potential safety risk to persons and property.
The FAA considered these procedures and limitations in determining the proposed operations
can be conducted safely.

The petitioner has requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.7(a), Civil aircraft airworthiness. While
the petitioner's UAS will not require an airworthiness certificate, the FAA has determined
                                                       15

that for the purposes of this exemption the pilot may determine the aircraft is in an airworthy
condition prior to flight. The FAA's regulations state that the PIC of a civil aircraft is
responsible for determining whether the aircraft is in a condition for safe flight. Therefore,
relief from § 91.7(a) is granted and relief from § 91.7(b) is not necessary.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.9(b)(2), Civil aircraft flight manual,
marking, and placard requirements and § 91.203(a) and (b): Civil aircraft: Certifications
required. The FAA has previously determined that relief from these sections is not necessary.
See Exemption No. 11062. Relevant materials may be kept in a location accessible to the PIC
in compliance with the regulations.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.103 Preflight Action. The PIC will take all
actions including reviewing weather, flight battery requirements, landings, and takeoff
distances and aircraft performance data before initiation of flight. The FAA has imposed
stricter requirements with regard to visibility and distance from clouds; this is to both keep the
UA from departing the VLOS and to preclude the UA from operating so close to a cloud as to
create a hazard to other aircraft operating in the NAS. The FAA also notes the risks
associated with sun glare; the FAA believes the that PIC's and VO's ability to still see other
air traffic, combined with the PIC's ability to initiate a return-to-home sequence, are sufficient
mitigations in this respect. The PIC will also account for all relevant site-specific conditions
in his or her preflight procedures. Therefore, the FAA is not granting relief from § 91.103.

While the petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.109 Flight instruction; Simulated
instrument flight and certain flight tests, the petition did not describe training scenarios in which a
dual set of controls would be utilized or required, i.e. dual flight instruction, provided by a
certificated flight instructor or other company-designated individual, which would require that
individual to have fully functioning dual controls. The FAA is requiring that the petitioner's PICs
possess at least a sport pilot certificate. This exemption will also require that training operations
only be conducted during dedicated training sessions. As such, the FAA finds that the petitioner
can conduct its operations without the requested relief from § 91.109.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.119, Minimum safe altitudes:
General, the petitioner states that the RMAX will be operated at altitudes below 500 feet AGL
and closer than 500 feet to persons, primarily the PIC and visual observer, although the PIC and
VO will always maintain a safe distance from the RMAX as required by the operating documents.
The RMAX will only be flown over uninhabited areas. Therefore, regarding the relief requested,
the FAA finds that:

    a. Relief from § 91.119(a), which requires operating at an altitude that allows a safe
         emergency landing if a power unit fails, is not granted. The FAA expects the petitioner to
         be able to perform an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on
         the surface if a power unit fails.

    b. Relief from § 91.119(b), operation over congested areas, is not applicable, because this
         grant of exemption prohibits operations over congested or densely populated areas.

    c. Relief from § 91.119(c) is necessary because the aircraft will be operated at altitudes
         below 500 feet AGL. Section 91.119(c) states that no person may operate an aircraft
                                                       16

         below the following altitudes: over other than congested areas, an altitude of 500 feet
         above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. The FAA finds
         operations conducted in compliance with the conditions and limitations in this grant of
         exemption warrant relief from § 91.119(c).
    d. Relief from § 91.119(d) is not applicable.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.121, Altimeter settings, when the
UA is equipped with a barometric altimeter, relief from § 91.121 is not necessary. When the UA
is not equipped with a barometric altimeter, an alternate means for measuring and reporting UA
altitude is necessary, such as GPS. As stated in the conditions and limitations below, the FAA
requires altitude be reported in feet AGL. The petitioner may choose to set the altitude indicator to
zero feet AGL rather than local barometric pressure or field altitude before flight. Considering the
limited altitude of the proposed operations, relief from 14 CFR § 91.121 is granted to the extent
necessary to comply with the applicable conditions and limitations stated below.

Regarding petitioner's requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.151(b), Fuel requirements for flight in
VFR conditions, prior UAS specific relief has been granted in Exemption Nos. 8811, 10808, and
10673 for daytime, Visual Flight Rules (VFR) conditions. The conditions and limitations below
prohibit the PIC from beginning a UAS flight unless (considering wind and forecast weather
conditions) there is enough available fuel for UAS to operate for the intended operational time
and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve fuel recommended by the
manufacturer if greater. The FAA finds that this provides sufficient reason to grant the relief from
14 CFR § 91.151.

The petitioner requested relief from 14 CFR § 91.1501, Continued Airworthiness and Safety
Improvements ­ Purpose and definition. This regulation requires operators to support the
continued airworthiness of each airplane. While under this grant of exemption petitioner is
permitted to operate without an airworthiness certificate, the PIC is still required to ensure the
aircraft is in a condition for safe flight prior to each operation. Therefore, relief from § 91.1501 is
not applicable.

UAS Operating Certificate

The petitioner did not request relief from § 137.19(c), Certification requirements, which
requires the applicant for a commercial agricultural aircraft operator certificate to have
available the services of at least one person who holds a current U.S. commercial or airline
transport pilot certificate and who is properly rated for the aircraft to be used. The petitioner
requests to conduct commercial agricultural aircraft operations under 14 CFR part 137,
Agricultural Aircraft Operations, with persons holding a private pilot certificate. The FAA
has determined that relief from § 137.19(c) is necessary to the extent necessary to permit
persons holding a sport, recreational, or private pilot certificate to act as PIC for commercial
agricultural aircraft operations. The basis for this relief is the same as discussed in the UAS
PIC section above. The PIC must still comply with the additional knowledge and applicable
skill requirements in part 137 as well as the petitioner's training requirements in the operating
documents. Lastly, because of the relief provided to § 137.19(c), we also provide relief to the
pilot certificate requirements of § 137.41(c), Personnel.
                                                       17

Regarding the requested relief from §§ 137.19(d), Certification requirements, and 137.31(a),
Aircraft requirements, Yamaha states that it will retain custody of the RMAX UAS and the
agricultural related services would be under the direction, supervision, and control of
Yamaha. As stated in the analysis above, and consistent with the Secretary's determination
that airworthiness certification is not necessary, the FAA finds that relief from 14 CFR parts
21 and 27 is not necessary.

The FAA has determined that based on Yamaha's safe operating history of the RMAX, and
the RMAX design safety features, operations conducted under the requirements of this
exemption will not adversely impact safety. Thus, although the RMAX is not certificated, the
FAA finds that relief from §§ 137.19(d) and 137.31(a) is warranted to the extent necessary to
permit the RMAX to be operated in commercial agricultural aircraft operations. Although
relief from the requirement for the aircraft to be certificated is granted, prior to operating, the
aircraft must be in a condition for safe flight in accordance with § 91.7(b).

Regarding the requested relief from § 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v), Certification
requirements, the FAA has determined that demonstration of the skills described in these
paragraphs is not necessary because they are not compatible or applicable to the operation of
the RMAX during agricultural aircraft operations as described in the petitioner's operating
documents. Yamaha's RMAX training and certification program provides the PIC with the
necessary skills to safely operate the RMAX. Granting relief from a demonstration of the
skills described in § 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v) does not adversely impact safety, therefore
relief is warranted. Skill requirements in the other sections of § 137.19(e)(2) not exempted
must be demonstrated as required for certification as a agricultural aircraft operator under
14 CFR part 137. If the operating procedures of the RMAX ever change or evolve to require
the PIC to perform any of the skills described in 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v), Yamaha must
petition for amendment to this grant. Lastly, because of the relief provided to
§ 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v), the FAA also grants relief from those portions of the
associated knowledge and skill test requirements of § 137.41(c),

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from §§ 137.31(b), Aircraft requirements, and
§ 137.42, Fastening of safety belts and shoulder harnesses, the FAA finds that an exemption
from these requirements related to the installation and use of a shoulder harness and safety
belt is warranted because the RMAX is an unmanned aircraft with no onboard pilot. These
requirements are intended to ensure the safety of the onboard pilot during manned agricultural
aircraft operations and thus, relief from §§ 137.31(b) and 137.42 does not adversely impact
safety.

Regarding the petitioner's requested relief from § 137.33(a), Carrying of certificate, which
requires that a facsimile of the agricultural aircraft operator certificate be carried on the
aircraft, the FAA finds that relief is necessary and warranted. The FAA has previously
determined that relief from §§ 91.9(b)(2) and 91.203(a) and (b) for the carriage of the aircraft
flight manual and aircraft registration onboard the aircraft is not necessary. The FAA finds
that this analysis is applicable to the requirements of § 137.33(a). These documents may be
                                                       18

kept in a location accessible to the PIC. Therefore, a facsimile of the agricultural aircraft
operator certificate may also be kept in a location accessible to the PIC.

Public Interest

The FAA finds that a grant of exemption is in the public interest. The enhanced safety
achieved using a UA with the specifications described by the petitioner and carrying no
passengers or crew, rather than a manned aircraft of significantly greater proportions, carrying
crew in addition to flammable fuel, gives the FAA good cause to find that the UAS operation
enabled by this exemption is in the public interest.

The table below summarizes the FAA's determinations regarding regulatory relief:

Relief considered (14 CFR)  FAA determination
Part 21                     Relief not necessary
Part 27                     Relief not necessary
45.23(b)                    Relief not necessary
61.23(a) and (c)            Relief granted with conditions and limitations
61.101(e)(4) and (5)        Relief granted with conditions and limitations
61.113(a)                   Relief granted with conditions and limitations
61.113(b)                   Relief not necessary
61.133                      Relief not necessary
91.7(a)                     Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.9(b)(2)                  Relief not necessary
91.103                      Relief not granted
91.109                      Relief not granted
91.119(a)                   Relief not granted
91.119(b) and (d)           Not applicable
91.119(c)                   Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.121                      Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.151                      Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.203(a) and (b)           Relief not necessary
91.405(a)                   Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.407(a)(1)                Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.409(a)(1) and (2)        Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.417(a) and (b)           Relief granted with conditions and limitations
91.1501                     Relief not necessary
Relief considered (14 CFR)        19
137.19(c)
137.19(d)                         FAA determination
137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v)  Relief granted with conditions and limitations
137.31(a)                         Relief granted with conditions and limitations
137.31(b)                         Relief granted with conditions and limitations
137.33(a)                         Relief granted with conditions and limitations
137.41(c)                         Relief granted
137.42                            Relief granted with conditions and limitations
                                  Relief not necessary
                                  Relief granted with conditions and limitations

The FAA's Decision:

In consideration of the foregoing, I find that a grant of exemption is in the public interest.
Therefore, pursuant to the authority contained in 49 U.S.C. §§ 106(f), 40113, and 44701,
delegated to me by the Administrator, Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A. is granted an
exemption from 14 CFR §§ 61.23(a) and (c); 61.101(e)(4) and (5); 61.113(a); 91.7(a);
91.119(c); 91.121; 91.151; 91.405(a); 91.407(a)(1); 91.409(a)(1) and (2); 91.417(a) and (b);
137.19(c) and (d),; 137.19(e)(2)(ii), (iii), and (v); 137.31(a) and (b); 137.33(a); and 137.42 to
the extent necessary to allow the petitioner to operate the RMAX UAS for the purpose of
agricultural-related services operations. This exemption is subject to the conditions and
limitations listed below.

Conditions and Limitations:

In this grant of exemption, Yamaha Motor Corporation, U.S.A., is hereafter referred to as the
operator.

Failure to comply with any of the conditions and limitations of this grant of exemption will be
grounds for the immediate suspension or rescission of this exemption.

1. Operations authorized by this grant of exemption are limited to the Yamaha RMAX Type
    II G UAS as described in the operating documents with a maximum take-off weight not to
    exceed 99 kg (218) pounds. Proposed operations of any other aircraft will require a new
    petition or a petition to amend this exemption.

2. The UA may not be operated at an airspeed exceeding 45 miles per hour. In no case will
    the UA be operated at airspeeds greater than the maximum UA operating airspeed
    recommended by the aircraft manufacturer.

3. The UA must be operated at an altitude of no more than 400 feet above ground level
    (AGL). Altitude must be reported in feet AGL.
                                                       20

4. The UA must be operated within visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC at all times. This
    requires the PIC to be able to use human vision unaided by any device other than
    corrective lenses, as specified on the PIC's FAA-issued airman medical certificate or U.S.
    driver's license.

5. All operations must utilize a visual observer (VO). The UA must be operated within the
    visual line of sight (VLOS) of the PIC and VO at all times. The VO may be used to satisfy
    the VLOS requirement as long as the PIC always maintains VLOS capability. The VO
    and PIC must be able to communicate verbally at all times; electronic messaging or
    texting is not permitted during flight operations. The PIC must be designated before the
    flight and cannot transfer his or her designation for the duration of the flight. The PIC
    must ensure that the VO can perform the duties required of the VO.

6. This exemption and all documents needed to operate the UAS and conduct its operations
    in accordance with the conditions and limitations stated in this grant of exemption, are
    hereinafter referred to as the operating documents. The operating documents must be
    accessible during UAS operations and made available to the Administrator upon request.
    If a discrepancy exists between the conditions and limitations in this exemption and the
    procedures outlined in the operating documents, the conditions and limitations herein take
    precedence and must be followed. Otherwise, the operator must follow the procedures as
    outlined in its operating documents. The operator may update or revise its operating
    documents. It is the operator's responsibility to track such revisions and present updated
    and revised documents to the Administrator or any law enforcement official upon request.
    The operator must also present updated and revised documents if it petitions for extension
    or amendment to this grant of exemption. If the operator determines that any update or
    revision would affect the basis upon which the FAA granted this exemption, then the
    operator must petition for an amendment to its grant of exemption. The FAA's UAS
    Integration Office (AFS-80) may be contacted if questions arise regarding updates or
    revisions to the operating documents.

7. Any UAS that has undergone maintenance or alterations that affect the UAS operation or
    flight characteristics, e.g. replacement of a flight critical component, must undergo a
    functional test flight prior to conducting further operations under this exemption.
    Functional test flights may only be conducted by a PIC with a VO and must remain at
    least 500 feet from other people. The functional test flight must be conducted in such a
    manner so as to not pose an undue hazard to persons and property.

8. The operator is responsible for maintaining and inspecting the UAS to ensure that it is in a
    condition for safe operation.

9. Prior to each flight, the PIC must conduct a pre-flight inspection and determine the UAS
    is in a condition for safe flight. The pre-flight inspection must account for all potential
    discrepancies, e.g. inoperable components, items, or equipment. If the inspection reveals
    a condition that affects the safe operation of the UAS, the aircraft is prohibited from
                                                       21

    operating until the necessary maintenance has been performed and the UAS is found to be
    in a condition for safe flight.

10. The operator must follow the UAS manufacturer's maintenance, overhaul, replacement,
    inspection, and life limit requirements for the aircraft and aircraft components.

11. Each UAS operated under this exemption must comply with all manufacturer safety
    bulletins.

12. Under this grant of exemption, a PIC must hold either an airline transport, commercial,
    private, recreational, or sport pilot certificate. The PIC must also hold a current FAA
    airman medical certificate or a valid U.S. driver's license issued by a state, the District of
    Columbia, Puerto Rico, a territory, a possession, or the Federal government. The PIC
    must also meet the flight review requirements specified in 14 CFR § 61.56 in an aircraft in
    which the PIC is rated on his or her pilot certificate.

13. The PIC and VO must be trained and qualified in accordance with the operating
    documents.

14. The operator may not permit any PIC to operate unless the PIC demonstrates the ability to
    safely operate the UAS in a manner consistent with how the UAS will be operated under
    this exemption, including evasive and emergency maneuvers and maintaining appropriate
    distances from persons, vessels, vehicles and structures. PIC qualification flight hours and
    currency must be logged in a manner consistent with 14 CFR § 61.51(b). Flights for the
    purposes of training the operator's PICs and VOs (training, proficiency, and experience-
    building) and determining the PIC's ability to safely operate the UAS in a manner
    consistent with how the UAS will be operated under this exemption are permitted under
    the terms of this exemption. However, training operations may only be conducted during
    dedicated training sessions. During training, proficiency, and experience-building flights,
    all persons not essential for flight operations are considered nonparticipants, and the PIC
    must operate the UA with appropriate distance from nonparticipants in accordance with
    14 CFR § 91.119.

15. UAS operations may not be conducted during night, as defined in 14 CFR § 1.1. All
    operations must be conducted under visual meteorological conditions (VMC). Flights
    under special visual flight rules (SVFR) are not authorized.

16. The UA may not operate within 5 nautical miles of an airport reference point (ARP) as
    denoted in the current FAA Airport/Facility Directory (AFD) or for airports not denoted
    with an ARP, the center of the airport symbol as denoted on the current FAA-published
    aeronautical chart, unless a letter of agreement with that airport's management is obtained
    or otherwise permitted by a COA issued to the exemption holder. The letter of agreement
    with the airport management must be made available to the Administrator or any law
    enforcement official upon request.
                                                       22

17. The UA may not be operated less than 500 feet below or less than 2,000 feet horizontally
    from a cloud or when visibility is less than 3 statute miles from the PIC.

18. If the UAS loses communications or loses its GPS signal, the UA must return to a pre-
    determined location within the private or controlled-access property.

19. The PIC must abort the flight in the event of unpredicted obstacles or emergencies.

20. The PIC is prohibited from beginning a flight unless (considering wind and forecast
    weather conditions) there is enough available fuel for the UA to conduct the intended
    operation and to operate after that for at least five minutes or with the reserve fuel
    recommended by the manufacturer if greater.

21. Air Traffic Organization (ATO) Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA). All
    operations shall be conducted in accordance with an ATO-issued COA. The exemption
    holder may apply for a new or amended COA if it intends to conduct operations that
    cannot be conducted under the terms of the attached COA.

22. All aircraft operated in accordance with this exemption must be identified by serial
    number, registered in accordance with 14 CFR part 47, and have identification (N-
    Number) markings in accordance with 14 CFR part 45, Subpart C. Markings must be as
    large as practicable.

23. Documents used by the operator to ensure the safe operation and flight of the UAS and
    any documents required under 14 CFR §§ 91.9, 91.203, and 137.33(a), must be available
    to the PIC at the Ground Control Station of the UAS any time the aircraft is operating.
    These documents must be made available to the Administrator or any law enforcement
    official upon request.

24. The UA must remain clear and give way to all manned aviation operations and activities
    at all times.

25. The UAS may not be operated by the PIC from any moving device or vehicle.

26. All Flight operations must be conducted at least 500 feet from all nonparticipating
    persons, vessels, vehicles, and structures unless:
             a. Barriers or structures are present that sufficiently protect nonparticipating
                  persons from the UA and/or debris in the event of an accident. The operator
                  must ensure that nonparticipating persons remain under such protection. If a
                  situation arises where nonparticipating persons leave such protection and are
                  within 500 feet of the UA, flight operations must cease immediately in a
                  manner ensuring the safety of nonparticipating persons; and,
             b. The owner/controller of any vessels, vehicles or structures has granted
                  permission for operating closer to those objects and the PIC has made a safety
                                                       23

                  assessment of the risk of operating closer to those objects and determined that
                  it does not present an undue hazard.

    The PIC, VO, operator trainees or essential persons are considered participating persons
    under this exemption.

27. All operations shall be conducted over private or controlled-access property with
    permission from the property owner/controller or authorized representative. Permission
    from property owner/controller or authorized representative will be obtained for each
    flight to be conducted.

28. Any incident, accident, or flight operation that transgresses the lateral or vertical
    boundaries of the operational area as defined by the applicable COA must be reported to
    the FAA's UAS Integration Office (AFS-80) within 24 hours. Accidents must be reported
    to the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) per instructions contained on the
    NTSB Web site: www.ntsb.gov.

Unless otherwise specified in this grant of exemption, the unmanned aircraft system (UAS),
pilot in command (PIC), and operator must comply with all applicable parts of 14 CFR
including, but not limited to, parts 45, 47, 61, 91, and 137.

This exemption terminates on May 31, 2017, unless sooner superseded or rescinded.

Issued in Washington, DC, on May 1, 2015.

/s/

John Barbagallo
Acting Director, Flight Standards Service
